 


—ISABEL QUINTERO 





July 24 


My mother named me Gabriela after my grandmother who— 
coincidentally—didn’t want to meet me when I was born because my 
mother was not married and was therefore living in sin. My mom has told 
me the story many, many, MANY times of how, when she confessed to my 
grandmother that she was pregnant with me, her mother beat her. BEAT 
HER! She was twenty-five. 

That story forms the basis of my sexual education. 

Every time I go out with a guy, my mom says, “Ojos abiertos, piernas 
cerradas.” Eyes open, legs closed. That’s as far as the birds and the bees 
talk has gone. And I don’t mind it. I don’t necessarily agree with that 
whole wait-until-you’re-married crap though. I mean, this is America 
and the twenty-first century, not Mexico one hundred years ago. But, of 
course, I can’t tell my mom that because she'll think I’m bad. 


Or worse: trying to be White. 
July 25 


Less than a month before school starts again. Ugh. It’s not like I don't 
want to go back to school (because I do), but I also want to lie around and 


do nothing for a little bit longer. Eat some tacos. Eat a few more Rocky 


/ GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


Road ice cream cones from Rite-Aid so I have an excuse to talk to the 
really cute guy there who has a full sleeve but has to cover it up because 
apparently Rite-Aid keeps it classy. Not like he’s asked me for my number 
but, hey, at least I can say he’s given me something sweet. 

What I really want to do before summer vacation is over is try the new 
super-hot wings from Pepe’s House of Wings, located—conveniently— 
down the street. The wings are rumored to be so hot that you have to 
sign a waiver before you put one little drumstick in your mouth. Which 
makes me wonder, what horrible thing happens when you eat them? Could 
you possibly have a heart attack from ingesting so much capsaicin? (I like 
that word. It makes me feel scientific.) DEATH BY DIGESTING FIERY WING. 
Sounds borderline mythical. Maybe you stop breathing but are on sucha 
Spicy-wing high that it doesn’t matter because it’s the best thing you've 
ever eaten and it’s like there are angels lifting you into heaven while your 
mouth burns away here on earth. 

But, with my luck, I’d probably just get the runs. 

Right now though, I seriously have to get up and clean my room 
before my mom sees the little treasures under my pillow. That woman is 


always finding my stash. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 8 


tea itl eee — Sl ee r—C eet 


a ee ee ee. OS eS 


July 25 


Later the same afternoon... 

Okay. So I met up with Cindy and Sebastian and we had the wings at 
Pepe’s House of Wings. But my best friends are weaklings when it comes 
to spicy food and only ate barbecue and lemon pepper wings. Chickens. 
I, however, ate the super spicy (aka Caliente Caliente) wings. It felt so 
good signing that waiver, like I was about to do something so epic, so 
courageous, so dangerous, and so for the benefit of all human kind that I 
would be willing to sign my life away to do it. Of course it would be just like 
me that the most dangerous thing I have done up to this moment would 
be food related. Ugh. 


Note to self: lose some weight. It is senior year, after all. 
July 25 


Later... 


I was right. I got the runs. 


9 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


July 28 


What the fuck just happened? 


Long day. Have to sleep. 
July 29 


Yesterday was unreal. Cindy called me and told me that she needed me 
to come over because she had to tell me something. Last time one of my 
friends said they had to tell me something was when Sebastian told me he 
was gay. He called me and said he had “something” to tell me. Not that I 
didn’t know. I mean, I’ve known him since the third grade and he’s always 
been gay. But I was papey han he finally came out, to me at least. It was 
funny too. He took me to Denny’s and said, “Gabi, I have something to tell 
you.” And I was like, Oh my God, he’s gonna tell me he’s gay. And he was 
like, “Ugh, I can’t say it.” So he wrote, “I’m gay” on a napkin and passed it 
to me. I looked at it and couldn’t help whispering, “I know.” We both kind 
of laughed and were relieved. 

Now he just has to tell his parents. 

But when Cindy said she had something to tell me, I was wondering 
how I would react if she told me she was a lesbian. It would be super weird, | 


wouldn't it? I mean, we've gotten dressed in front of each other, gone 


ISABEL QUINTERO 10 


skinny dipping in her pool. Should I be concerned about that? I doubt it. 
Not that I thought she would be checking me out (a lot) because, really, 
who checks out the fat girl? 

Cindy didn’t tell me she was a lesbian though—which really would 
have been easier to handle after I found out what the “something” was. 

The something was that she might be pregnant. 

PREGNANT? Really? What the hell?! I mean I didn’t even know she 
had had sex. Or that she had a boyfriend. What kind of best friends for 
life are we? The kind that don’t share such intimacies, I guess. (I hope I 
used the word intimacies correctly. I need to get back into school mode.) 
Anyway, I was so pissed at the situation. Pissed and disappointed. Not at 
the fact that she had sex, but that she hadn’t been careful. That she had 
just become another statistic: Hispanic Teen Mom #3,789,258. Or some 
ridiculous actual number that we had been lectured about last year and 
had sworn we would never become. We had even criticized the girls who 
showed and called them stupid. “When we have sex, we'll use a condom.” 
We had been so sure about it. 

Our conversation was something like this: 

ME: (sitting comfortably and spinning around in her desk chair) 
Hola muchacha! What is so urgent I had to leave a pack of half-eaten 


Oreos behind hidden in my underwear drawer? 


11 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


CINDY: I saw...IT. 

ME: It? That stupid movie about the clown who’s really a spider? I 
know. We watched it together. 

CINDY: No. It. It. You know, a boy’s It? 

ME: (no longer spinning around in Cindy’s desk chair) Wha...? What 
do you mean? Please tell me you mean a boy’s clown movie? Because you 
can’t mean penis. You can’t mean THAT. 

She looked at me with tears in her eyes, threw herself on the bed 
and started crying. I was in shock. 

ME: (In my best I-am-here-for-you-best-friend-even-though-you- 
just-did-something-really-stupid voice) It’s okay. It’s okay. Please stop 
crying. Just tell me what happened. 

CINDY: I went to a party with German a few weeks after we got out 
of school and I got drunk and then we did it in his car and I haven’t 
gotten my period! What am I going to do? 

ME: What? 

CINDY: Oh my God! Aren’t you listening? 

ME: Yes. I almost wish I wasn’t, to tell you the truth. You went to a 
party, got drunk, and fucked German. I was listening. But you never told 


me any of this. Ever. 


Now I started to cry. Not only because I was hurt about her not telling 


ISABEL QUINTERO 12 


me, but because I knew that she had just fucked up her future in a major 
fucked-up way. 

CINDY: I didn’t tell you because I knew you would be mad. Would 
be like, “Why are you going out with that idiot? Why are you going toa 
party at Sandra’s? Why are you drinking?” And you know what? You’re 
right! I shouldn’t have gone but I did. I did! What do I do? What if I’m 
pregnant? I can't have a baby! I don’t want to change diapers! My mom 
is going to kick my ass! Seriously, she’Il kill me! 

ME: Okay well...(I felt bad for her because her mom probably would 
kick her ass). You’re not even sure if there’s a bun in the oven. Maybe you 
haven't gotten your period because you're stressed? I read somewhere 
that that can happen. 

CINDY: Really? Are you sure? That’s probably it then. (She sounded 
too relieved, so I had to bring her back to reality. ) 

ME: I didn’t say I was sure. I said maybe. But to make sure, why 
don’t we go to Stuffix Pharmacy after the SATs on Saturday and get one 
of those pregnancy tests? 

She agreed. After we settled down, got some ice cream and Hot 
Cheetos, we watched Juno and thought about how much Sunny Delight 


we would have to buy. 


13 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


July 30 


I layin bed for a long time this morning, thinking about Cindy and the fact 
that she could be pregnant. I don’t like German, she was right about that. 
He’s an idiot. German is one of those guys who knows he’s super hot and 
assumes that girls HAVE to like him. Like, if he asks a girl out and she says 
no, he’s one of those guys who will say stupid things such as, “Well, fuck 
you, stupid bitch—I was trying to do you a favor.” One of those gems. What 
he doesn’t understand is that we don’t have to like him. It doesn’t matter 
if youre a beauty queen like Cindy (tall, thin, beautiful olive skin and curly 
brown hair) or if you’re me (short, plump, long straight hair, and super 
light-skinned), if we don’t like you, well, we don’t like you. 

I don't know how Cindy could’ve been so stupid as to have sex with 
him. Anyone but German would have (probably) been better. 

The rest of the day I spent arguing with Beto about how loud his 
music was and that—although I appreciated his love of the Notorious 
B.I.G.—Rosemary, the little old lady next door (who I love to visit), did 
not. It didn’t matter though, because allI got was a lot of door slamming, 
volume raising, and “You're not my mom.” He’s right. I’m just his older 


sister—but only by two years. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 14 


August 1 


Saturday. SATs. I woke up late this morning. I had set my alarm for 7:00 
a.m., but didn’t get up until 7:27. I didn’t have time for the bacon and eqqs 
my mom had made, only enough time to kill my dragon-breath with some 
toothpaste and change into the freshly worn clothes from yesterday. Even 
then, I barely made it to schoolin time for the test. Thank God, I can drive 
now. Otherwise I would have been screwed. 

I waited for Cindy after the test and we drove to the pharmacy to face 
the moment of truth. On the way there, we went through all the possible 
scenarios. What if she is pregnant? I suggested she tell her mom that an 
angel had come to her in a dream and told her not to be scared but that 
she was carrying the son of God. If her mother was as Catholic as she says 
she is, then she has to believe her. Cindy didn’t think it was that funny, 
but I laughed my ass off! 

We walked into the pharmacy. Luckily no one was there. No one 
except that nosy bitch Georgina. Ugh. And I knew she would have 
something stupid to say. We got what we needed and went to pay. As luck 
would have it, she was the only one with a register open. Georgina just 
smirked at us and said, “Well, Gabi, I know this isn’t for you. No one would 


be fucking your fat ass. So, I guess, the winner is...Cindy! Does German 


+ GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


know yet?” (She said this in the most annoying voice possible wnich— 
for Georgina—is pretty damn amazing because she already has the most 
annoying voice possible. ) 

I don’t know what made me say it but I grew some balls at that 
moment and said, “Your mom would be fucking my fat ass. So shut your 


trap and do your job, Kmart.” 

Which, now that I think about it, was an absurd comeback. Why would 
her mom be fucking my fat ass? Just like me to be saying something dumb 
like that. Georgina just kept making that stupid face as we walked out of 
the store. 

We went to my house and did the deed. 

The stripes turned pink. 


We hugged, threw ourselves on my Hello Kitty bedspread, and cried. 
August 5 


Iwas sitting at the back of the bus today, watching the old retarded couple 
making out (like usual), thinking about Cindy, when Georgina got on the 
bus. As soon as I saw her stupid clown face, I really wished I had begged 
my mom for at least another hour to let me borrow the car so I could visit 
Sebastian. I tried to act like I didn’t see her and pretended to text but, of | 


course, she sat next to me. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 16 


“Hey, fat ass.” 

“Hola, Little Payasa.” She really hates it when I call her that. So I do 
it as often as I can. 

“Look at those two retards. How nasty. People like that should never 
ever make out. It’s so freaking gross!” « ° 

I told her she was an idiot and not to say things like that because 
that was mean, and how does two mentally challenged people loving each 
other affect her, but talking Georgina out of being an idiot is like making 
carnitas out of chicken—unnatural. Luckily my stop came by quick, and I 
was able to leave her behind just as she was beginning to ask about Cindy. 

“So how is your prego...” 

I made an unkind gesture with my middle finger and stood up. 

When I got off the bus, Sebastian was already waiting. He had been 
gone for a few days with his family on a vacation to Mexico, Mazatlan or 
somewhere like that near the beach, so he was ultra tan. Right away I 
knew he was upset. 

“Oh my God! I just talked to Cindy!” 

“Did she tell you?” 

“Yes!” 

“Can you believe that shit?” He shook his head and I said, “Well, she’s 


gone and done it now, and it sucks big hairy ass. But—she wants to keep 


Ly GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


it. I was there the day she told her mom. For moral support, you know, but 
it went bad. Really bad. Her mom almost beat the shit out of her. Slapped 
her hard across the face and asked me to leave. I didn’t know what to do, I 
didn’t want to leave her, but her mom went crazy and was yelling at me to 
go home, and I was afraid that she’d hit me too, so I booked it and left.” 
We kept going on like that the whole two blocks to his house. When we 
got there, we locked ourselves in his room. We talked about Cindy forever, 
and then I finally asked him about his trip. He told me about all the cute 
boys he saw. His dad let him drink beer with him because apparently in 
Mexico there is no legal drinking age. Even embryos enjoy a beer with 
their tacos, he said. I wonder what that would look like? Hmmm. We kept 
on talking about Mexico and about his grandma who is hilarious and an 
awesome cook. Sebastian told me about how close he felt to his dad now 
and that he thought that he would tell him about being gay and that he 
was sure he would understand. I’m not too sure about that. His dad may 
be cool with him because they threw back a few beers, but his dad hates 
gays. I know. I’ve heard him say it. His exact words were, “I hate pinches 
jotos.” I didn’t tell Sebastian though, because I thought it would hurt his 
feelings. Even if I told him, he would say something like, “It’s different 
because it’s me. I’m his son.” Yeah, I don’t think that would be the case.. 


We talked some more about school and how excited (and nervous) we are 


[ISABEL QUINTERO 18 


that this is our last year and our plans for the future and blah blah blah. 
It was getting late so I had to leave. He walked me to the bus and waited 
with me. We heard a car screech to a stop and turned to see what had 
happened. There was a homeless looking guy on his bike weaving across 
the street towards us. It was my dad. Luckily the bus showed up before he 


Saw me. 
August 7 


Sebastian told his parents. He is sleeping on our couch until he finds a 


permanent home. 
August 10 


Sebastian hasn’t really said anything since his parents dropped him off. 
They didn’t even come in, just dropped him off and threw his stuff on the 
sidewalk. Cindy came over that night, we watched Pride and Prejudice, and 
my mom ordered us some pizza. She wasn’t too happy that Cindy came 
over though, but she let her stay because she knew that Sebastian needed 
his friends. Earlier today she had gone on this whole spiel about Cindy’s 
pobrecita madre and the pain that she was going through because of her 


bad, bad daughter. It was really long. It was something like— 


19 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


“You can’t hang out with her anymore. She is a bad influence. She's 
a bad, bad girl. I knew that she would come to this. Always so desperate 
and siempre de ofrecida, no se daba a respetar. No respect for herself at 
all. What’s she gonna do? Quit school? Probably. She can’t do both. Maybe 
she should give up the baby. I don’t want you to talk to her anymore. She'll 
give you bad advice and convince you to do the same thing she did, and 
then you'll go and open your legs for everybody. You know who I feel sorry 
for? Her mom. How is Linda going to show her face at parties and church 
now? Didn’t that mensa think about what she would do to her madre? Claro 
que no! No mas abrio las piernas y ya. Que bonito! Of course not, how nice. 
But now that she opened her legs and had a good time, the one who is 
going to have to deal with everything is her mom. Que selfish. Don’t even 
think about calling her or going over there. Her mom is probably feeling 
really depressed and probably wants to be alone. I'll have to call her and 
tell her I’m sorry to hear about what happened. Pobrecita Linda, I wonder 
what she did to deserve such a bad girl? Thank God, you’re not like that.” 

She really has no idea what Cindy is going through. I would have 
thought that because I was born a bastard child, she would show more 
sympathy—that she would know how it feels to have your parents react 
so irrationally. But I guess as you grow older, you forget that you were . 


ever young and that you may have been in love and may have forgotten 


ISABEL QUINTERO 20 


(or didn’t think about) condoms and made mistakes. At least my mom has 
forgotten. And besides, it’s not like Cindy said, “I’m going to sleep with 
an asshole and get pregnant, just so that my mom can’t show her face at 
parties and my dad won't talk to me. Why? Because I want to be seen as 
a horrible daughter! Ha, ha, ha!” It was something that happened. I told 
her that Cindy was not a bad influence, she just made a mistake and that 
she was my friend, and we had to be there for Sebastian. I argued and 
begged and she finally said, “Esta bien.” 

I was surprised that she let Sebastian stay, surprised that she actually 
felt bad for him. She said that even though she hoped that her own son 
wouldn't be gay, if he was she would still love him. And that only bad mothers 


abandon their children. Knowing that made me kind of proud of my mom. 
August 15 


So we finally found out what happened on the day that Sebastian's 
parents kicked him out. Apparently his dad said something like, “Odio a 
los jotos! I hate fags!” (Which must’ve sounded weird because his dad has 
a super thick Mexican accent.) “The two worst things that could happen 
to a man are that his wife sleeps with another man and that his son is gay. 


And since tu madre querida, ya se habia revolcado with that guy from the 


21 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


laundrymat and is obviously a whore, there was only one more thing left! 
You ruined my life. Chingado! Hijo de puta! Get out of my house! I don't 
want to see you ever again. You are no son of mine.” 

So, yeah, it didn’t go as planned. His mom took a telenovela approach 
to the situation and told him that she would rather be dead than have a gay 
son and tried to slit her wrists. Obviously she didn’t really mean to die or 
else she would have made sure to pick up a real knife and nota butter knife. 
I had to holdin a laugh at that. A butter knife, really? Who does that? That 
very night they told Sebastian that he had to leave, and that’s when he 
called me crying. I woke up my mom and she said it was fine. Even Beto was 
okay with it. And my brother is not known for his compassion. The only one 
we didn’t tell was my dad but he probably wouldn’t have noticed anyway. 

Sebastian also told me some other things that made me sad. He told me 
how he had always known he was gay, but how he had tried to be straight. 
How he stared at boobs and tried to feel something. How he even pretended 
to have a crush on Sandra. How he prayed every night, pleading, “Make 
me love girls, make me love girls,” but God didn’t listen. I try to imagine 
Sebastian on his knees, crying and praying and nobody answering. 

I wonder how it must feel to have disappointed your mother so much | 
she would rather kill herself than look at you. Never mind—I don’t want: 


to know. 


ISABEL QUINTERO £2 


August 18 


My mom is at it (again), which means my dad finally came back home (and 
looked like hell). Whenever he comes home after being gone for weeks, with 
a beard and smelling like he’s never heard of ashower, she tries to make our 
lives seem as normal (whatever that is) as possible. And since Sebastian 
is here, she’s trying as hard as ever. However, all of her attempts make us 
seem more dysfunctional than before. She came into my room (un-freaking- 
announced!) and saw me in my underwear! I got super mad and told her to 
please get out. She was all like, “Ay, I’ve seen you naked, I’m your mom.” 
But she waited on the other side of my door anyway. When she came in, she 
had this pink sparkly thing hanging on her arm. I cringed, guessing at what 
it was. It was a dress. A freakin dress! Ugh! Why does she do that?!?! She 
knows I hate dresses! How am I going to look in a dress? Ridiculous! Like 
an overstuffed carne asada burrito, that’s how! Beans spilling out the top, 
tortilla squished together at the bottom. Horrible. Just horrible. 

Dresses and I don’t get along. The way I see it, a dress is restricting. 
It’s a trap. 

Let’s say, for example, you are with your friend Cindy at the local 
elementary school a few blocks from your house and suddenly these 


really cute boys and one not so cute boy pass by on their bikes. This is 


23 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


just hypothetical, but your friend Cindy thinks it would be funny to flash 
the boys. Because, you know, she has big boobs, double D’s, not like you 
because not even four of your boobs would equal one of hers and she 
can do tricks too, she can make them move up and down without even 
touching them. They have a life of their own, her boobs do. 

So, she does it. She really does it! (Even though you thought she was 
just shitting you!) Shirt goes up and “Hello, boys!” You laugh but since 
you are laughing so hard you’re about to piss your pants, you realize 
too late that the boys are pedaling back and have decided to do a little 
flashing of their own. They are coming at you quick with their hands on 
their zippers! And in an instant, you’re in OH-SHIT mode. So now you 
have to run because maybe you have seen a penis in a picture, or you 
imagine what it looks like, or they showed a movie once in class about the 
Holocaust and you were like, “Wow. That’s what it looks like. It’s uglier 
than I imagined.” But to be confronted with the real thing was notin your 
plans for a sunny Saturday afternoon. 

How does this relate to a dress? Well, hypothetically, you decided to 
wear a dress and suddenly you have to run home before José whips Jt out, 


and the shortest route home is to jump Mrs. Sanchez’ fence and then jump 


the other fence to your backyard, and you realize much too late that you: 


are wearing a flouncy brown dress, and you say fuck it and jump the fence 


ISABEL QUINTERO {a 


anyway, but much to your chagrin only you and half a dress would make 
the journey. You sneak into your room bare-assed and sweaty—and laugh 
until your side hurts. 

Or if that is not enough reason for hating dresses, what about that 
time... ‘ 

...when I was in eighth grade and was walking home and heard a 
group of boys whistling and laughing. The blonde one shouted, “I can see 


dd 
. 


your underwear!” But I didn’t get it. See, I was wearing clothes, so he 
was probably just being an asshole, and I kept walking, but then I felt a 
breeze on my butt, a breeze that was just a little too cold. He was right. 
Blonde Boy could see my underwear and so could all of Sixth Street. I 
realized that when I put my backpack on at school (about twenty minutes 
before), my dress had gotten caught and up it went, and everyone could 
see my old beige underwear, those big old granny underwear that I used 
to wear because my mom didn’t let me buy thongs even though I was 
almost in ninth grade (or at least bikini underwear like the other girls in 
my class), and I thought, Tragame tierra! I wanted to be a worm or a mole 
or a gopher or any type of insect or vermin that lives underground where 
no one could see me or my calzones de abuelita. | 


But my mom doesn’t understand this. She never does. I don't get it. 


I guess it’s because we have a lightswitch relationship. Sometimes she’s 


25 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


wonderful. Sometimes not so much. When she says, “No comas tanto. 
You're getting fatter than a pregnant woman,” she’s not so wonderful. 
But when she says, “She loves to read. She has a 3.75. Mira, le dieron 
otro certificado,” like she knew it all along (that I’m smart and not as bad 
as she thought), she’s the best. On and off. Like light itself—bright and 
dark. Mother and daughter. That’s us. I wish it were different. I wish she 
would be more understanding, but that’s not who she is, I guess. 

The pink sparkly dress draped on her arm is for my senior picture. So I 
will look pretty. Now I’m going to have to wear it, otherwise it would hurt 


her feelings. Oh well. Asi es la vida. That’s my life at least. 
August 25 


Senior year starts tomorrow! I am sooo not going to be able to sleep. 
Even Sebastian (who is having one of the saddest summers ever) is 


looking forward to it. We couldn’t stop talking about school but finally 


just went to bed. 


August 26 


It was a crazy first day! Luckily I can drive to school now, and that is . 


awesome—even if I have to bring Beto with me. We agreed that we would © 


ISABEL QUINTERO 06 . 


switch off on radio stations. Otherwise I would have to listen to him bitch 
about only listening to “main stream” rock. The one bad thing is that 
Cindy, Sebastian, and I don’t have any classes together. I had to change 
my schedule around to fit my poetry class. Sebastian is in Calculus while I 
am in Algebra II...again. I only failed because it was boring the way Mrs. 
Black taught it, and (because the math gods hate me) I have her again 
this year. I’m so gonna tear my hair out. Four years in a row with the same 
math teacher? That has to be illegal. On the plus side, Joshua Moore, the 
super hot White boy I’ve had a crush on since freshman year, is in my class! 


Ahhhhhh! I need to relax. Gabi, get a grip! 
September 1 


Why is Georgina such a fucking idiot? Why? During first period (which 1s 
the poetry class that I signed up for because it seemed like fun but turns 
out is going to be another English class, and while I love English, two 
English classes means double the writing and double the reading and 
double the everything else. Iso hopeI can survive.), Martin Espada asked 
me if it was true that Cindy was pregnant. 

I was like, “What? Who told you that?” 


Martin rolled his eyes, “Who do you think?” 


of GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Georgina. He didn’t have to say her name. Everyone knew Georgina 
had the biggest mouth in the world since the first grade when Tomasa 
Jones peed her pants on the slide during recess and Georgina told 
everyone (even the custodians). : 

He nodded and asked again, “So is it true?” 

I don’t know what possessed me to be rude to one of the nicest boys I 
have every met (he was probably just trying to let me know that Georgina 
was talking shit about my best friend), but I said, “So is it true you have 
a hairy ass?” 

Martin’s face got all red as he stuttered, “What? I was just— 
whatever,” and turned around. 

I wish I hadn’t been so mean to Martin. He’s really nice. And kind of 
cute. And it turns out he already writes poetry. Good poetry. None of that 
“the ratis on the mat” shit. But stuff that has meaning. By lunch time, I 
had heard it from eight different people, and there were eight different 
stories. In one of them, both Cindy and I had had sex with German—vomit. 
In another, Cindy didn’t know who the father was. The best one was that 
Cindy had gotten pregnant from some old guy who is now in prison and 
blamed poor innocent German. Georgina’s wild, clown-faced imagination 
had not failed us. She also said that we’d been in the pharmacy lots of | 


times, getting tests and condoms. Stupid Georgina—if condoms had been 


ISABEL QUINTERO 28 


purchased, Cindy wouldn’t have been in this mess. But no one questioned 
her stories with logic, and people stayed away from us like we had herpes 
or something contagious like that. I heard the word SLUTS! thrown at us a 
few times, but no one owned up to it. 

I was pissed. I almost wondered if I should stay away from Cindy. 
What if my mom was right? What if Cindy was a bad girl, and she would 
somehow smear her badness on me? But then I realized how stupid and 
treasonous that way of thinking was. Cindy and I are homies for life. So 
the three of us—Sebastian, Cindy and I—ate at our usual table and just 
ignored the stares. 

Sebastian tried to lighten the mood and shared that he had met a 
boy in his Spanish class who had just moved here from Bolivia. And he was 
gay. And he was cute. And Sebastian was very excited. That kind of took 
our mind off of Cindy’s situation. That and the chili cheese burrito I was 


shoving in my face. 
September 10 


My dad is a drug addict. A meth addict—as in crazy and desperate and 
never mentally here. But no one in our house ever says those words: 


drugs, addict or meth. It’s like we are forbidden to use them. My mom 


29 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


says, “Tu papa anda mal.” As if he just has the flu and a bowl of-chicken 
noodle soup will fix him right up. But he’s an addict and has been since 
I was a little kid. I remember when I was in elementary school, he would 
ask to borrow money all the time. I think even then I knew what it was 
going towards, but I gave it to him anyway. What was I supposed to do? 
He’s my dad. 

It’s embarrassing to see him in public, walking around like a homeless 
person, looking through garbage cans and hanging out with other people 
with the same “affliction.” Sometimes I’m scared that he won't come 
home. Scared that we'll get a call saying that his body was found in some 
park bathroom or on the side of some liquor store. I don’t know how to 
help him or what to do to make things better. I think I’m going to start 


writing him letters. 


Dear Papi, 

I write this letter to you knowing that you cannot read it because 
you are too high. I want to let you know that you make me mad. That 
I would die for you when you're my dad. That I am tired of waiting 
for you every night and falling asleep at the door hoping you will 
come home. That I don’t want to see you passed out. That I don’t 
want to make breakfast for your “friends” anymore. That I know the 
money you take from me some mornings is not for gas. That I hate — 
how you make me feel so small when you talk to me like that. That I 
hate to see Mom cry. That I hate it when Beto cries because you say 


ISABEL QUINTERO 3G) 


you don't love him. I know it’s the meth talking and not you. The 
real you used to take us to the park and take me for rides on your 
motorcycle. Papi, I want you to come back. I don’t want the dad who 
wanders the streets and sleeps in parking lots. I don’t want the dad 
who grows long beards who gives away everything—even his family 
fora fix. Papi, I want to know when you are coming home, so I can say 
I love you, and you will understand what those words really mean. 
Papi, I miss you. 


Gabi l|\ 


te ete a ee 


IT really have to get some homework done. 
September 15 


Curse the day I fell in love or like or whatever with Joshua Moore! I hate 
_ him. Hate him! HATE HIM! At first I was totally excited that he was in my 
Algebra II class. Totally excited. But turns out (surprise, surprise), he 
doesn’t like fat girls. Or at least he doesn’t like this fat girl. Of course he 
didn’t say, “Gabi, I don’t like you because you're a fat girl,” but he did 
start going out with Sandra and she is the total opposite of me. 

When I used to be friends with Sandra, my mom was (and sometimes 
even now) always comparing me to her. She can't seem to understand why 


I’m not friends with her anymore. I try to explain, but she just doesn’t get 


31 GABI, A GIRL IN PIECES 


it. There are things I can’t tell my mom either. I can’t tell her how Sandra 
used to make me feel like shit. Especially around boys. Boys like her skinny 
hips, big butt, long hair, white teeth, big smile and stylish name-brand 
clothes. Because price is no object when you're a Sandra. 

And it wasn’t that I was jealous. Okay, I was a little jealous, but she 
liked to rub it in my face that we were so different. That she was better. 
She’d remind me that when you’re a Gabi, price always matters. No name 
brand here, only generic, and that is okay until Sandra tells you that it 
is not okay. I begged my mom for clothes she couldn't afford, asked for 
something that didn’t belong to me, that didn’t belong to a world where 
we get free food from school at Christmas or where your dad spends his 
money on street corners or where your mom collects cans to make the rent. 
I couldn’t tell my mom that the girl that she’s always comparing me to is 
the reason for so many of our arguments. If I did, she would say something 
like, “Well, maybe you'd feel better about yourself if you took more care of 
yourself like Sandra does.” And then I'd go do my hair and makeup, squeeze 
into a pretty little dress and jump in front of a moving train. 

I tried to be like Sandra for a little bit. We went to the mall to a super 
fancy store and bought a very expensive dress. I had to beg my mom for 
it for weeks until she finally said yes. I felt a little guilty, but my mom. 


gave in because she wanted me to look good and feel good. A brown dress 


ISABEL QUINTERO 32 


with little white flowers sewn all over, it was short and sleeveless and very 
1960s. It was truly a dress. But each time I wore it, my body was exposed— 
the little brown dress was too expensive for my cheap little white skin. But 
Sandra thought it looked good, so I felt good (at least about that). Still, I 
missed the indoor swap-meet with Cindy: Going through the rows of lycra, 
bright prints, black and whites with no purpose except to make regular 
girls feel like name-brand girls. To make Gabis feel like Sandras but at a 
discounted price. 

I came to my senses, and Sandra left us. So it was just Cindy, Sebastian 
and me. Us tackys always have to stick together. 

I tried to act like I didn’t care about the whole Josh situation, but 
it was hard. I came home today and told my mom what was going on 
(because she’s my mom and can ALWAYS tell when there’s something 
wrong and won't let it go until I tell her) and she offered some words of 
comfort so my heart wouldn’t shatter. She knows heartbreak, she said. 
She said. “Yo se lo que es estar joven y enamorada.” I tried to think of 
my mom as young and in love, but I couldn't, it was too far of a stretch. 
Secretly I was glad she tried to protect me. It didn’t matter though. My 
heart shattered into a thousand pieces. Just like when you drop one of 
those Christmas ornaments made with glass so thin that when it shatters 


it goes everywhere, and you are still finding pieces in dark corners of your 


33 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


living room for months afterwards. That’s exactly how I broke. Nothing 
more to say except that Cindy and Sebastian showed up at my house a few 


hours ago, and I had the best banana split of my life. 
September 16 


Today is Mexican Independence Day. While I know we don’t live in Mexico, 
and Iam not technically Mexican, there is still a sense of pride that swells 
in my chest during this day. Being Mexican-American is tough sometimes. 
Your allegiance is always questioned. My mom constantly worries that I 
will be too Americana. This morning we were talking about Cindy, and 
my mom starting saying crazy things like, “The reason Cindy is pregnant 
is because she was hanging out con esa gabachilla Diana, her neighbor. 
Remember? That girl who got pregnant by her dad’s friend?” My response 
was, Yeah, she did. That guy was super old and took advantage of her. It 


wu 


was totally different.” “Yeah, but remember how she was always wearing 
those short shorts? Offering her goodies to everyone? Parecia una 
hoochie.” I laughed so hard because my mom straight out said, “goodies.” 
And “hoochie.” She got all embarrassed and told me to hurry up and goto 


school. So I did. Love my mom. 


The other problem with being me—and my Mexican ancestry—is that 


ISABEL QUINTERO 34 - 


people don’t believe that I am any kind of Mexican. They always think I’m 
White, and it bugs the shit out of me. Not because I hate White people, but 
because I have to go into a history lesson every time someone questions 
my Mexicanness. 

I told Sebastian this once and he was tike, “It’s not a big deal.” It 
may not be a big deal to him because he is a nice Mexican brown. Ora big 
deal to Sandra who is perfectly dark-skinned. Her Mexicanness is never 
questioned. Of course. People never say racist things around them. Sandra 
and Sebastian carry their culture on their skin like a museum exhibit 
to ohhhh and ahhhhh at. People look at Sandra’s long brown hair, dark 
brown eyes and skin that doesn’t need sun, and they think how exotic, 
how very perfectly Mexican. Not too much to give discomfort—there is 
no accent, no rough transition from white to brown. A perfect attempt at 
assimilation, so her brownness can be excused. 

Morena. Bonita. Preciosa. Flaca. Flaquita. 

On the other hand, I have the kind of skin that is not allowed in the sun for 
more than fifteen minutes before turning into an overcooked lobster. Sunburn 
for sure each time I visit the beach. My skin is there for all the world to see 
and point at and judge. Guerra. Casper. Ghost. Freckle Face. Ugly. Whitey. 
White girl. Gringa. I’ve been called all of those names. Skin that doesn’t make 


me Mexican enough. Skin that always makes people say, “You're not what a 


35 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


Mexican’s supposed to look like.” To which I respond, “Well, what is a Mexican 
supposed to look like? Am I supposed to be brown and short? Carry a leaf 
blower on my back? Speak with a thick accent? Say things like ‘I no spik ingles?” 
Should I have dark hair and dark eyes, like my mother and grandmother? ” 

This skin thing always pisses me off. What I need is a nopal on my 
forehead to let the world know about my roots. One of those flat cactus 
plants that my grandpa grew behind his house before he died—nopal en 
la frente. Yup. That would solve all my problems. It would say, “This light- 
skinned White-looking young lady is of Mexican descent. Really she is. 
Yes, she speaks Spanish. And English too. Sheis a sight to see, folks, a real 
marvel. (Unless you travel to Mexico where there are lots more like her.)” 
The nopal would solve those problems. 

And besides the whole skin situation to annoy me, there are people 
going around school in sombreros and mustaches and acting like idiots. 
Apparently along with being brown, we all have mustaches. 

At lunch time there were activities for us to participate in, but we 
skipped out on them because we had heard they were going to be really 
lame like a churro-eating contest and a guess-that-Spanish-word and 
the ever popular Mexican Independence Day game—pin-the-tail-on-the- 
donkey. After lunch was my poetry class, which is not as bad as I thought. . 


Today we actually began writing poems. Ms. Abernard had us write haikus 


ISABEL QUINTERO 36 


(a Japanese style of poetry that has 5 syllables in the first line, 7 in the 


second line, and 5 in the last line). Here is a sad one that I just wrote: 


Joshua Moore is gone 
My heart in seven pieces 
Tam not lucky ee ee 


September 20 


Having a father who is addicted to meth is exhausting. It’s like you have 
to walk on eggshells all the time. Have to be worried all the time. Have 
to be scared all the time. And definitely have to be anxious all the time. 
People on meth are always looking for and thinking about meth. That’s 
it. There is nothing more important to the meth addict than the next fix. 
They’re always chasing something they will never catch and even though 
they know this, they will never stop chasing it because they can’t. It is 
really sad. We have been on the sidelines watching my dad chase it since 
I can remember. His teeth are already gone, his skin is getting gross, plus 
he looks so much older than he is. Sometimes when he’s crashed on the 
living room floor, I just sit and watch him, pretend he’s sleeping instead 
of passed out. Making sure he doesn’t die. My father’s addiction has also 


forced me to learn so many things that most of my classmates don’t know. 


3/ GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Things I wish I didn’t know. I wish I was ignorant like they are. I wish I 
could come home and unknow and unsee things. I wonder how that would 


be, having a father who wasn’t an addict? 


WORDS I'VE HAD TO LEARN BECAUSE OF MY FATHER 


Dopamine 
Formication 

Meth Mouth 
Receptors 
Tweaking 
Methamphetamine 
Neurotransmitter 
Intravenous 
Chronic 
Psychotic 
Hepatitis B and C 
Xerostomia 
Dependence 
Hyperactive 
Obsessive 
Aggressive 
Depressed 


ISABEL QUINTERO 3h 


September 23 


Why is my life surrounded by so much fucking drama? Why? I just got my 
SATs back. Obviously I did well, so that is not the dramatic part. People are 
still talking about how Cindy is pregnant. Like she is the only pregnant girl 
in the history of our school. This is obviously not the case, though Santa 
Maria de Los Rosales High School does have a reputation for the least 
amount of pregnant girls in our school district—a very strange reputation 
to have. I mean it’s not like the students here don’t have sex, because 
they do, but maybe they all use condoms or something. Anyways, people 
are still running their mouths about the whole situation. German was 
trying to be nice to Cindy and was sitting at our table at lunch, which was 
really, really annoying, and it was obvious that it was making her really 
uncomfortable, but she never asked him to leave. I warned her that he was 
an ass and that she shouldn’t fall for his stupid lines again, and she was 
like, “Whatever. You don’t know anything about these things. You haven't 
even kissed a guy yet.” Ouch. Even Sebastian told her that that was mean. 
But Cindy was right. I have never been kissed. Never ever. Unless you 
count Pancho in kindergarten, which I don’t. Because at this point in the 
game, kindergarten kisses don’t count. My lips were pure and untouched, 


waiting for the right moment, for something to come along and snatch 


39 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


them up. Cindy apologized, but it still stings. Plus, I was right. German 
was just trying to be smooth, but it didn’t work because we caught him 
making out with Sonia in the school parking lot. I didn’t throw it in Cindy's 
face, but I hope she learned her lesson. | 

Something else happened today. I don’t even want to write it down, 
but I have to put it away somewhere and hope the dirty feeling goes away. 
This is the thing about drug addicts: all they can think about is getting 
high. And the consequences—who they hurt or what they have to sell, 
steal or give away—don’t matter. The addict is an insatiable beast. He or 
she is no longer the person they were before that first high. After the 
transformation, the beast is always on the hunt. But he will never find 
what he is looking for. And even if he tries to transform back into the 
person he was, because that hunger is never satisfied, the beast never 
goes away. It is always itching to burst through flesh and sinew, turning 
everything to shit. My father is that beast. Today we found out that he 
owes a lot of money. So much money that some nice gentleman came to 
our house to tell my mom that either he gets his money, or she has to 
sleep with him. Yup, that was the deal that was made. All the money that 
my mom has been saving for months to see my sick grandma in Mexico... 
gone. I refuse to believe that my father would make such a deal. That it’s | 


some sort of movie shit that doesn’t happen in real life. And therefore 


ISABEL QUINTERO 40 


couldn't happen in my real life. But this is the beast we’re talking about. 
The beast has no morals and, Gabi, you better believe that it is very likely 
that in a moment of desperation, your father completely lost himself. 


Time for another letter to my dad. 


Dear Papi, 

I can’t find the words to say this, but I will try. This is bullshit. You 
have broken my heart again. And again. And again. I can’t believe you 
would make us go through this. I want to believe that you would never 
make a deal that involves trading your wife for drugs, but then I would 
be lying to myself. I want you to get help. We all want you to get help. 
You need help. This is the lowest you have ever been. Please get help. 
Mom is not a prostitute. She shouldn’t have to pay your debts. None 
of us should. I shouldn't have to worry every night that we'll get a call 
telling us someone found you in a park, beaten, overdosed or dead. I 
cannot force you to do anything you don’t want to do, but I know you 
want to get better. I know you are tired of living like this. Papi, I love 
you. Te quiero con todo mi corazon. Come back, please. 


Gabi ui aa eo a 


at et 


September 25 


My mom called my tia Bertha, my dad’s oldest sister, to come see if 


she could do something about her brother. I really don’t know why she 


4] GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


called her. It’s not like they get along. She always has something to 
say about everything. “Gabi, don’t eat another taco. You'll never find a 
boy like that.” “Beto, your hair is too long, mijo. From behind, you look 
like a skinny girl. You should cut it.” “Cufiada, why do you still have that 
Virgen de Guadalupe up? You’re not still believing in that superstitious 
nonsense, are you?” It’s a good thing Sebastian moved into his tia Agi's 
house instead of staying here, otherwise tia Bertha would have had a 
heart attack—she is totally not down with boy-on-boy action. One of her 
comments did change things though. Beto took her advice and cut his 
hair—into a Mohawk. HA! The look on tia Bertha’s face was PRICELESS 
when he walked in the door. My mom wasn’t too happy about it either, 
but at the moment there are bigger fish to fry. Good thing Beto didn’t 
tell Mom that I was the one that cut it or else I would have been in deep 
shit. But since it’s him, no one says anything. Beto is always getting 
away with stuff like that. Always. 

I think he’s my mom’s favorite. Wait, no, I KNOW he’s my mom’s 
favorite. It’s probably because he’s the youngest and a boy. It really pisses 
me off. But now that tia Bertha is here, Beto and I have an unspoken truce 
because at the moment we only have each other. To top it off, tia Bertha is 
super religious. She’s not even Catholic, like my crazy tia Lucha who never 


went anywhere without a rosary, but some other religion that says that 


ISABEL QUINTERO 42 - 


women can't wear pants or lipstick or listen to worldly music (live without 
The Lumineers? I don’t think so, sorry God). I couldn’t do it. 

But my tia Bertha wants to save us all (especially my dad). Calls 
herself a healer (we call her crazy), a salvationist, (says) she speaks in 
tongues but mostly those tongues just cfiticize our wicked Catholic 
ways, our worshipping idols like la Virgen and los santos. She likens us to 
pagans but—bless her heart—she never gives up on us. She says that with 
one touch of her hand anyone is cured! Cured! She says she has seen the 
holy ghost! That she has been touched by God! Given the gift of sanacién! 
And we do not argue with God! Or question her authority. But I heard 
rumors. Family stories. The “truths” behind the myth. And I don’t know 
how a bruja, a witch, like her can save our souls. 

Last year when we went to Mexico for the summer, my tia Mari told us 
a story and it went something like this: 

She said my tia Bertha resurrected her dead cat, El Negro, when she 
was seventeen. My tia Mari claims she saw Bertha’s head go completely 
around when she was making tortillas, and then she heard a big THUD y ahi 
estaba on the floor, foaming at the mouth and her head gone backwards. 
The priest (I guess someone had called a priest), as was expected, was 
scared and ran out. Days later my grandmother, convinced it was a seizure, 


tried to put all the rumors to rest. “No era el Diablo. It was a seizure.” It 


43 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


was her daughter. What could anyone expect? After that little incident, 
they say, tia Bertha bought books on hypnotism, hid family portraits in 
potted plants, buried and resurrected more dead cats (and maybe even 
a dog!), tied el lazo de matrimonio de mis abuelitos with black ribbon 
and buried it in the old outdoor kitchen—the one with the black walls like 
shiny shoe polish from the smoke that came from the wooden stove. When 
they found my grandparents marriage lasso tied with a black ribbon (1 
guess it was a sort of spell), it was the last straw. 

The pueblo got wind of Bertha the Demon Possessed Wonder and her 
wicked doings. (This is where the story gets kind of sad.) When she would 
walk in the street, she was sprinkled with holy water. People crossed 
themselves and took their children to the other side of the road and 
instructed them not to look at her. No one but her family would speak 
with her. She was twenty-three and turning old maid (in her time). Men 
were afraid. The fear of being coerced by means of brujeria into marriage 
stopped them from talking to my poor old tia Bertha. Tia Mari says she 
became bitter and less social. She spent evenings in a church burning 
candles for the Virgen, putting that saint of desperate lovers—according 
to Mexican superstition—San Antonio de Padua on his head, and, 
eventually, resorting to married men. Tia Bertha reached a low point. , 


But one day everything changed. She met a man from out of state—big 


ISABEL QUINTERO 44 


lips and long hair. She bewitched him into marriage (so her ex-husband, 
ex-tio Luis, says). “I didn’t know what I was doing!” he claims. But you 
can’t blame stupidity on magic. He’s still constantly on the lookout for 
mysterious powders, sacrificed cats or any indication of brujeria. He 
never found anything and eventually he left ker for a non-witch. 

At least that’s what I heard. 

What is true is that tia Bertha lost her Catholic faith along the way. 
No one knows howit happened. I asked her about it once and all she said 
was, Mija, never trust a seminarian. They don’t keep promises. Not even 
to God.” I have thought about what could have happened. Most likely, 
tia Bertha had a passionate love affair with a handsome seminarian and 
somehow it went wrong. Whatever it was, from that day on tia Bertha 
hated Catholics. As for the brujeria, I don’t know. Witchcraft is a touchy 
subject in our house (for various reasons). So far, there has been no 
evidence to suggest that tia Bertha is a witch. And, except for that birria 
she turned into maggots one New Year’s Eve, I haven’t seen anything. 

Speaking of birria, I think that’s what we’re having for dinner. Yay! 


Spicy little goat, here I come! 


45 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


September 29 


Today was a pretty good day. I think I am finally over Joshua Moore. 
Sandra can have him all she wants because I now have a huge crush on 
Eric Ramirez who also happens to be in my Algebra II class. He is sooo000 
hot! He is light-skinned (not as white as me, but close), has longish brown 
hair, dresses like a skater and has beautiful brown eyes. He does have one 
big flaw though—he smokes a little too much weed. I don’t know how I 
feel about smoking. I mean, I know how I feel about it. I think it’s just a 
weed, so whatever. But since my dad is an addict, I don’t do any of that 
stuff. It would kill my mom. Kill her. And I probably wouldn't be able to sit 
for months. Even if I will be eighteen in six months, she has made it clear 
that it doesn’t matter how old I am, she is still my mother. Besides the 
whole weed thing, he’s pretty awesome. The best part is that Cindy and 
Sebastian think that he likes me too! Eek! 

I don't know though. I don’t want to get too excited because I am 
always afraid that boys will only pretend to like me as a joke. Because, 
really, who would like the fat girl? Sebastian said I was crazy for thinking 
that. And Cindy said that was the stupidest thing she’s ever heard. She 
said, “Gabi, you're not fat. Seriously, you’re average...okay, maybea little 


chubby. I’m not gonna lie and say you’re super skinny, but you're not 


ISABEL QUINTERO 46 > 


fat!” That’s pretty much what they say all the time, but it’s hard for me to 
believe when my own mother is constantly pointing out that I need to lose 
weight. But maybe they’re right. I need to be more positive this year so I 
wrote a poem about it in my poetry class. We were supposed to write a list 


poem and so I did it about my goals for this year. 


I SWEAR 

To make this year better than last 

To be positive 

To lose weight 

To get a kiss 

To make out 

To get straight A’s 

To wear a smaller size by the beginning of summer so I 
can wear that really cute polka dot bikini that I saw at 
the mall with Cindy who tried it on and of course it fit 
perfectly but made me look like an overstuffed pinata 
that had all the candy whacked out and all that was left 


was colorful tissue paper and cardboard. 


I SWEAR 

To learn how to put eyeliner on 

To be happy in my skin (whatever that means, but it is 
being said by all those skinny women on TV who don’t 
have much skin to begin with, and so they don’t have to 


worry about how much happiness to fit into their skin, 


47 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


but us fat girls have so much more skin we have to claw . 
and scratch happiness from anywhere we can get it so 


that we can stuff it into our skin) 


I SWEAR 

To read more 

To write a lot of poems 

To not be mad at Sandra anymore 


I SWEAR 
To not make promises that I can’t keep. 


I hope Ms. Abernard doesn’t get mad because I wrote “make out” and 
“get a kiss.” And I hope she doesn’t make us read them out loud or put 


them up on the wall. That would suck big hairy toes. 
October 3 


Cindy and I went to the mall today after school. Sebastian couldn’t go 
because he went on a date with Pedro, the cute Bolivian boy from his 
Spanish class. Iam both happy and worried about that situation. What if 
they hold hands and people harass them? What if they get beat up? Why do 
I have to worry about these things just because they're two boys? I hope 


they're careful. Not that I’m a date expert, but I have been on a couple. — 


ISABEL QUINTERO 48 


My first date was to the skating rink with a guy named José. (An incident I 
wish to forget.) Ugh. I hate José. In any case, I hope their date went okay. 
Well, anyway Cindy and I went to the mall to pick out some matching 
shirts to take pictures in. It was a little awkward. I guess I didn’t realize 
how much weight Cindy’d gained. I see her eVeryday so I hadn’t noticed 
the sudden addition of a little pouch. She’s almost four months pregnant. 

Wow. 

Four months pregnant—in her second trimester. That’s something I 
always hear older women say. The words sound too grown up to belong to 
us. But they do now. I tried to make her laugh because I don’t want her 
to feel sad. I know it’s rough at home with her mom. She told us that her 
dad won’t even speak to her yet and that her grandmother told her that 
maybe it was time to quit school, that she shouldn't pretend to be a good 
school girl anymore because—obviously—she isn’t. Her grandma and my 
grandma should be friends. They seem to think alike. 

Cindy is my kindred spirit. She laughs when I say that. How I love that 
girl. She never judges me. Or tries to change me. Nope. She loves me just 
the way Iam. Peas ina pod (una y mugre, my mom says). We laugh and cry 
together. Have each other’s back through good times and bad times—best 
friends for life. 


And now there’s a picture we took at the mall this afternoon to prove it. 


49 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


October 6 


Tia Bertha met Sebastian this afternoon. It was both funny and 
infuriating. If there is one thing my tia Bertha hates more than Catholics, 
it’s gay people. She hates lesbians more than gay men, but she hates gay 
men too. I don’t know why though. Supposedly, she used to be friends 
with all sorts of gay men back in the day before she was touched by the 
hand of God. In any case, now she doesn’t like them. I had to introduce 
Sebastian to tia Bertha again. Because even though she’s met him like ten 
times, she never remembers him. 

“Hola muchacho! Que guapo! What a handsome friend you have, 
Gabi! If only he were a little bit older, maybe he’d take me out on a date.” 
And then she winked at him. Eww. Eww. Eww. But she didn’t stop there. 
“Do you have girlfriend, handsome?” Before I could warn Sebastian about 
tia Bertha, he laughed and said, “Girlfriend? No! But I have a boyfriend.” 

I heard Beto shout all the way from the living room, “Oh shit! This is 
gonna be good!” He is such an instigator. Tia Bertha didn’t shut up about 
the sinfulness of two men together until I couldn’t take it any longer and 
said, “What about the sinfulness of sleeping with a married man?” 

I should have kept my mouth shut. That cut really deep. We aren't. 


supposed to talk about her current situation. She just looked at me, hard, 


ISABEL QUINTERO 50 


her eyes glistening. She was hurt, and I felt horrible. Gabi’s diarrhea of 
the mouth strikes again. My brother just shook his head. If my mom hadn’t 
been at work, I would have been in deep shit. I don’t get it though—why 
do I feel so guilty about saying that to her, but she doesn’t feel a little bit 
sorry about blaming Sebastian for the fall df Sodom and Gomorra, the 


dissipation of morality in society, and the coming of the anti-Christ? 


Later... 

Because Sebastian is gay, heis allowed to spend the night since there is 
no fear that we will have sex and make babies. I finally got to ask him about 
Pedro. He revealed that Pedro is a really good kisser, has a big “package” 
(though Sebastian used another word which I feel uncomfortable even 
writing) and knows a lot of poetry in the mother tongue which he recites to 
Sebastian (how romantic is that!). He speaks Spanish with a sexy Bolivian 
accent and is learning a lot of English but is really embarrassed to speak it 
out loud because of his sexy accent. Sebastian also says his mom is back on 
speaking terms with him, but his dad is still really angry and doesn’t want 
to see him. He also says that his tia Agi’s house is cool and she seems to be 
loving and accepting. Though she did tell him she doesn't want to see any 
cochinadas in her house. Which translates to: no sex. Why is every mom's 


concern about sex? There are more important things in life like school, 


51 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


careers, poetry, books, ice cream or learning how to make the perfect 
chocolate cake. It’s so damn frustrating. 

We have to go to sleep because it’s like 3 a.m. and we're supposed 
to meet Cindy early tomorrow for breakfast. And we will go to sleep just 
as soon as Sebastian is done chatting with Pedro. He was right—he does 


have a sexy Bolivian accent. 
October 12 


Okay. Wow. So I realized why moms are so worried about sex: it’s 
everywhere. Like just around the corner. Ahhhhhhh! I can’t believe it 
finally happened. I was in Algebra II and asked Mrs. Black if I could go to 
the restroom. Of course she let me go (sometimes I think seeing mein her 
class every day for the last four years may be as unpleasant for her as it 
has been for me). I didn’t really have to go, but I was so bored and needed 
to get out for fifteen or twenty minutes before I lost my mind from doing 
one more quadratic equation. I was getting a Dr. Pepper (to go with the 
Hot Cheetos I was munching on) from the downstairs vending machines, 
the ones near the science rooms, when I heard some steps coming down 
the stairs. I looked up and who should it be but Mr. Hot Stuff himself: Eric! 


I tried to scarf down the spicy cheese curls and give my Cheeto fingers : 


ISABEL QUINTERO 52 


a quick wipe inside my pockets. In an instant, all I knew was that this was 
the moment I had been waiting for. For him. For Eric, who makes me stuck 
for words. Makes me forget about Joshua Moore (who had currently been 
moved to the front of the class for being an ass—surprise, surprise). He 
came up to me, and we joked and flirted and talked. I hoped he might see 
past the waistline and see me—how funny I can be and how cute I giggle 
and how good I am in language arts. Maybe I just imagined it. Maybe he 
was just being nice to the fat girl. All those things were rushing through 
my mind. Untilit finally happened— 

THE KISSING THING. 

Well, kind of. At first, we talked and joked and flirted and talked 
some more and then...HE TOUCHED ME. Touched me gently on the waist. 
We were so close, I could smell the peppermint gum he was chewing. 

“You know,” he said, “I’ve never kissed anyone.” (This could or could 
not have been a line, but I didn’t care and went with it.) 

“You know,” I said, “I have never kissed anyone either.” (That was so 
lame. I can’t believe I said it. Major facepalm.) 

“Oh,” he said. And I tried to breathe because this was one of those 
moments where he was making me stuck for words. 

“Yeah,” I said (like a dumb-ass). But then—and this is what made 


me believe that I wasn’t as big a dumb-ass as I had originally imagined— 


53 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


his hands on my waist, my back on the wall, my insides on fire, ALL my 
skin vibrating, lips set—I could almost taste peppermint...suddenly 
we heard, “What are you two doing?” and saw Mr. Paul's big bald head 
sticking out of his biology classroom door. “Get back to class before I 
call security.” 

I was both embarrassed and devastated—I was going to have to see 
Mr. Paul later, and he never lets anything go so he’d probably bring it up. 
We ran upstairs and just as we got to the last step, I turned and kissed him 
before I could even stop myself. 

He was very shocked. Almost as shocked as I was. I had done 
something I had been thinking about doing, but knew I shouldn't. Things 
were out of order—I was supposed to wait for him. More embarrassment. 

“Wow. I didn’t know you had it in you. I guess there’s more than 
meets the eye.” That's what he said. Stupid cliché but readily accepted. 

I guess there is more to this fat girl than even this fat girl ever knew. 

I called Cindy when I got home and told her that something happened, 
but I couldn’t tell her over the phone because my mom might be on the 
other line. I hate when she does that. I don’t know why she doesn’t trust 
me. Then Cindy asked me why I was being old fashioned and using a 
landline. “I dropped my phone in the toilet,” I said. “And my mom said. 


that she wasn’t buying me another one. So I guess it’s back to the Stone 


ISABEL QUINTERO 54 


Age. Pretty soon I'll be writing you letters by candlelight.” She laughed, 
and I told her I’d pick her up tomorrow and then I called Sebastian and 
told him the same thing. 

I really don’t get why my mom doesn’t trust me and has to listen to 
my phone conversations or why she doesn’t think I’m responsible. I get 
good grades and try to help around the house, and I don’t get in trouble 
at school. Which is more than I can say for Beto who is currently failing 
P.E. How do you fail P.E.? I don’t know, but apparently my brother does. 
Yet Iam labeled the irresponsible and lazy one. 

When Iasked my mom whatI do that makes me lazy and irresponsible, 
she said, “I started working when I was five. En el campo. In the fields! 
Camotes. Beans. Ejotes. Strawberries. Tomatoes and even cacahuates. 
Stooped over digging in dirt looking for peanuts, picking each green 
bean, each tomato. Backs hunched over as far as the eye could see so 
if you looked down the rows all you would see were legs without torsos. 
We started at the crack of dawn, apenas salia el sol, and there we were 
with sacks on our backs—stooping, picking, filling, stooping, picking, 
filling. We’d go home with cracked hands and black nails. Then at seven 
we would go to mass, tired. But a pinch from your grandma would wake us 
up. Then to school and then back to the fields. And you can’t even throw 


out the trash?” There was nothing I could say after she said that. After 


si be GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


that speech, I actually felt lazy and irresponsible. And a little ashamed of 


being such a whiner. 
October 13 


I dropped Beto off at school and told him he better not tell Mom about 
me ditching first period or else I’d tell her about the girl going out of his 
window the night before. Then me, Sebastian and Cindy went to Starbucks 
so we could have some time to speak privately. I couldn't wait to tellthem 
about what had happened. At first it didn’t go as planned. 

“Wait. You kissed him?” asked Cindy. 

“Yes!” T said, super excited. 

But then she went on and on about how that made me seem desperate 
and easy and blah blah blah. I wanted to say, “Let’s not talk about 
desperate and easy,” but that would have made her cry, and I would have 
felt like shit afterwards. 

Sebastian, however, thought it was pretty brave of me to go after 
what I wanted. He said that that’s what love is all about, not being afraid. 
Though secretly I know he’s afraid. There was a boy from our rival school, 
__ JFK High, who had recently gotten the shit kicked out of him because he 


had been seen holding hands with his boyfriend last week at the mall. The _ 


ISABEL QUINTERO 56 


two boys were arrested but released right away. What is this? 1955? But I 
didn’t bring that up either. 

“Well, it’s not like I planned it. It just happened. It was spur of the 
moment.” I felt like I had to defend myself. “And where is it written that 
girls have to wait for boys to kissthem?” ” 

None of us knew how to answer that question because it wasn’t 
really written anywhere, but we know it’s part of the unspoken set of 
girl/boy rules. 

Cindy said, “Well, I don’t know if it was brave or stupid, but I’m glad 
you had your first kiss.” I could tell that she was just trying to cover for 
what she had said earlier but, since she was my best friend, I forgave her. 

I didn’t see Eric until our first break. He said, “Where were you this 
morning? I was looking everywhere for you.” I told him that we had been 
a little late for school. “Oh. Well, I’m glad I found you.” 

“Por cua?” I asked. 

“Ummm...we...like...1 know you know now that I like you.” At this 
point, we both got super duper red, and I made some sort of affirmative 
noise, but no real words would come out of my mouth. 

“Weeeellll...I wanted to know...if you...wanted...ummmm...to be... 
my...you know...girlfriend?” 


“What?” 


5/ GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


That’s how smooth my response was: “What?” I can’t believe that 
was the first word to come out of my mouth. But I couldn’t explain to him 
that I couldn’t believe that he, Eric Ramirez—closet history nerd, watcher 
of stupid television singing competitions, smoker of marijuana, runner of 
marathons and super hot guy—would actually like me, Gabriela Hernandez— 
irresponsible daughter, bad girl in the making (according to my mother), 
semi-decent to possibly good writer, watcher of marathon runners, eater of 
carne asada tacos (even on Good Friday), and kinda fat girl. 

He looked a little surprised—again. He looked uber-embarrassed and 
Said something like, “Oh...I thought...” 

[had to interrupt him. “No! I mean, yes! Ido want to be your girlfriend. 
I was just...I don’t know...but yes. Affirmative. I will be your girlfriend.” 
And, for some reason, I felt that I had to say that last part in a robot voice. 
“Sorry, I get nervous and do robot voices.” 

I lied! I tied about my robot voice! I just did it because it felt like the 
most natural thing to do at that moment, and if I admitted to him that I felt 
that way, it probably would have been weirder. I have so much to learn about 
relationships and being a (normal) girlfriend. 

The rest of the day was great (except for Algebra II of course). I have a 
boyfriend for the first time ever and all of Santa Maria High School knows it. , 


Tam happy. Good night. 


[ISABEL QUINTERO 58 


October 20 


Since it’s getting close to Halloween, Ms. Abernard assigned us to read 
about horror, death, ghosts and other stuff related to Halloween—but 
not really, because if she said it was about Halloween, she could get in 
trouble. Which is totally stupid. On the plus side, the poems we have been 
reading are really good. We read “The Raven,” by Edgar Allen Poe, which 
we read last year but is still good this year, and we have been reading 
poems by Sylvia Plath. Sylvia Plath is very dark and always talking about 
death and suicide. I love it. My favorite poem so far is, “Lady Lazarus.” It’s 
about her trying to kill herself three times and coming back to life just like 
Lazarus in the Bible—each time another miracle. Except unlike Lazarus, 
Sylvia doesn’t seem to be happy about her return. 

Before Ms. Abernard assigned it, I knew what was coming. We have to 
write a poem about one of the themes we have been reading about. We have 
already been writing short poems and free writes. Of course Martin already 
wrote an entire poem about ghosts and death that was brilliant. [think Iam 
going to write about my grandfather who passed away. I miss my abuelito 
so much. I think about him every day. I can’t believe it has already been a 
year since he died. Tonight when I get home, I will get crackalackin on it. 


This is my favorite part of “Lady Lazarus” by Sylvia Plath because she 


59 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


sounds so ballsy—she tells God and Satan to beware! What the hell! Ugh. 


So good. 


Herr God, Herr Lucifer 
Beware 
Beware. 


Later that night... 

My dad—who had only this morning been passed out on the living 
room floor—announced that he was going to sober up. He took us all into 
the living room and had a meeting and told us he was sorry and that he’s 
tired of living to get high, and he wants to be a better husband, father 
and brother. Tia Bertha swore that his decision was due to her healing 
powers. “I knew it! Just last night, I felt the hot tongues of the Holy 
Spirit tickling my ears and then a sudden rush of fire like waves overcame 
my entire body! This morning I woke up and knew that I had the power 
to change you, little brother.” We all just rolled our eyes but didn’t say 
anything to her. Though I am incredibly happy with my dad’s decision, I 
am also not getting my hopes up—this is not the first time he’s tried to 
quit. But I didn’t say anything to discourage him. We all (well, not Beto 
really) show our support. This time though it feels different. It feels final. » 


So Iam going to write him another letter. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 60 


Dear Papi, 

I am so excited that you have decided to get sober! You have 
tried this before, but this time I know things will be different. I can 
feel it. Not in the way that tia Bertha claims to feel things, but deep 
inside. Things will be hard for a while, and you will probably suffer, 
but I think it will all be worth it. Life will definitely not be like it used 
to be. I don’t remember a time when you weren’t an addict, but Mami 
does and she says you were an awesome man. I know that when 
you're not using, you're an amazing person. You’re funny and caring 
and a good person. I can’t wait to see you like that all the time. It will 
be a big change for all of us. But a good change. Maybe when you're 
clean, you can have a better relationship with Beto. He loves you so 
much even though you always push him away. Why do you push him 
away? Is it because he’s like you? Stubborn, good hearted, prideful, 
sensitive and quiet? Maybe. Whatever the reasons, I know things will 
be different once you’re clean. Father and son will get along better 
and we can grow as a family. 

I love you, Papi. 


ral WW L “TA. 


Maybe when he’s clean I can read him that one. 


61 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


October 21 


Family is one of those things you can’t escape and mine is no different. 
Apparently getting sober didn’t mean going " rehab. Why would I think 
that that is what it meant? Oh, Gabi, you’re so funny. No, Dad said he could 
go cold turkey. Again. That he could stop whenever he wanted to. Again. 
He has tried this method once, twice, and now he’s going for the third 
time. The hallucinating will start soon. Then he will begin killing demons 
(inside and out), screaming in pain. The spiders will arrive after that. The 
bugs under his skin that make him scratch and bleed. It’s horrible. I only 
know what's coming because the first time, when I was twelve, my mom 
told us what would happen so we wouldn’t be scared. I think it was really 
so she wouldn’t be scared. It hasn’t really helped. Beto and I slept in the 
same bed for weeks. I’m not a little kid anymore though, and I know my 
dad isn’t/will never be himself again. He’ll always be a man struggling 
with an addiction and every day will be a battle for him. Like I said, the 
beast never goes away. And it’s calling all the shots. Sometimes it just 
wants you to think your dad is getting sober and will be the man he wants 
to be. But the whole time, it’s in control. 

School didn’t really matter today. I told Cindy and Sebastian what . 


was going on, and they tried to be understanding. I really don’t feel like I 


ISABEL QUINTERO 62 


can tell Eric because even though we’re going out, I’m not sure I can trust 
him with something like that. The only two people who know about my 
dad’s “problem” are Cindy and Sebastian and only because of that time we 
Saw him at the park. Talk about being mortified. 

Eric was upset because I wouldn’t tell him what was wrong, but I said 
it was girl stuff, and he backed off. He seemed somewhat afraid to touch 
me after that. I told him it wasn’t contagious. He got really uncomfortable 
so I went to the library to write my grandpa poem, but I couldn’t figure 
anything out. To top it off, I have to start writing the college essays that 
I should have started writing a month ago. Ms. Rodriguez, my counselor, 
Says we should be on our second or third drafts because they are due at 
the end of November. Since I want to apply to six different universities, I 
have a shit-load to write. AHHHHHHHH! I think I should just go to sleep. 
Maybe I'll be sick tomorrow and not go to school. No, my dad will be home. 


School will probably be less crazy. 
October 26 


I don’t know how I feel about having a boyfriend now that I have one. I 
mean, I know howI feel about the kissing and holding hands: I totally love 


it! But the whole following me around and having to spend every freaking 


63 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


lunch together has me a bit smothered. And to top it off, he told me he 
loved me! Loved. Me. I didn’t know what to say so I acted like there was a 
bee in my shirt. I didn’t want to say “I love you” back because I don’t love 
him, and it would bea lie, and I hate lying. So I wrote a Letter to him (that 


I probably won’t send) expressing how I feel about our current situation. 


Dear Eric, 

I enjoyed the moments we spent together out in the hallway. 
And by the gym. And in your car. And by the photography classroom. 
Your breath smelled divine. I like how you remembered to chew some 
gum before getting really close to me. I obviously forgot as you could 
smell by the aroma of Hot Cheetos emanating from my soft luscious 
lips that one time last week. Anyway, I want to tell you how much I 
like you. I don’t think I would, or should, use the word love because 
that is reserved for special occasions. Not to say that you are not 
special, just not that special—yet. When I see you, I want to run to 
you and hug you and throw you up against a wall and feel the wetness 
of your lips. I want to stroke your hair and hold your hand and walk 
with you at lunch time and have people say, “Is he really going out 
with her?” Maybe that fat girl ain't so bad after all, they think. I don’t 
want to hurt your feelings, but I don’t want to lie to you either. I 
believe in honesty. Don’t you? 


Yours fondly, 
Gabi H. Pe 


ISABEL QUINTERO 64 


I don’t think I could bring myself to send it. I don’t know how he would 
take it. I’m going to talk to Cindy about this tomorrow and see what she 
thinks I should do. Or maybe not. She’s been feeling pretty emotional 
lately, and I’m not in the mood for the Wrath of the Pregnant Girl. I didn’t 
realize having a boyfriend would be so much tfouble. I don’t want to think 
about this today. I will think about it in the morning. I guess I might as 


well finish up my grandpa poem since the first draft is due tomorrow. 
October 28 


Sebastian is in soooooo much trouble. I feel really bad for him. He 
wasn't at school yesterday, and today we found out why. The situation is 
something like this at the moment: 

Sebastian has been saying that if his parents don’t accept him, it 
doesn’t matter because he doesn’t need them. I have been telling him 
that is ridiculous. They need each other—they’re blood. Family. Familia. 
And while familia is the glue that keeps us crazy, it is also the glue that 
makes us who we are. So since his parents kicked him out, he has been 
living with his tia Agi and everything was going well until two nights ago 
when she caught him con las manos en la masa (to put it mildly) with Sexy- 


Bolivian-Accent Pedro, who has been whispering poetry and other things 


65 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


to Sebastian in his beautifully spoken Spanish, which, as we know, is the 
language of romance. So, I guess he was speaking a whole lot of Spanish 
by the time tia Agi came back home—earlier than expected—from her 
weekly poker night. And after pants were put back on (Sebastian claims 
that nothing was going to happen, which sounds really stupid. I mean, 
why would you take your pants off if nothing was going to happen? I'ma 
virgin and even I know that much), he tried to talk to his aunt. He told her 
that they are in love. But tia Agi felt sick and said things like “;Cochinos! 
‘Que asco! You should be ashamed of yourselves!” And they were. She sent 
Sebastian to a psychologist to talk him out of being gay (I guess she’s not 
as understanding as we thought). And yesterday she sent for a priest who 
threatened him with God—of course, because everyone knows that the 
mission that God has left for his worshippers is to hate people and damn 
them to hell. Finally, she forbade pink shirts, satchels and guy friends who 
would tempt him with their sinful penises. He is only allowed to talk to me 
and Cindy because maybe we could make him straight. Maybe she hoped 
we'd show him our mighty vaginas and fuck the gay out of him. Maybe she 
figures Cindy is a good candidate for sleeping around. Adults make stupid 
assumptions. ButI don’t think tia Agi understands that it doesn’t work like 
that. That being straight is not a choice, or that being gay is nota choice. - 


So that’s why Sebastian is currently sleeping over at my house ona 


ISABEL QUINTERO 66 


school night. Tia Agi is probably at home praying that we’re having sex 
right now. She'd be so disappointed if she knew that all we are doing is 


sitting around talking about boys and pretending to do homework. 
October 30 wr 


Today was the big day in poetry class. Ms. Abernard had us read our poems 
IN FRONT OF EVERYONE. Martin did great. His poem had some words in 
Spanish and so does mine. We have been practicing using two languages 
in writing since after we read some poems by two superpoets: Michele 
Serros (who is still alive AND from California!) and Sandra Cisneros (she’s 
still alive too, but not from California). Before we read their poetry, I 
didn’t even know you could use two languages in a poem. I thought they 
either had to be in English or Spanish. Turns out I was wrong. Michele 
Serros has a really funny poem (poems can be funny too! Who would have 
known?) titled “Dead Pig’s Revenge.” It’s about a girl who loves eating 
chicharrones and ends up choking on one. Oh my God, I could relate to 
loving food like that. That’s probably why I love the poem so much. 
Martin wrote a poem about La Llorona that somehow had something 
to do with his mother and grandmother and great-grandmother. I had to 


read my poem after him and was really nervous because everyone loved 


67 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


his poem, and I was afraid that people would laugh at mine. But I was 
wrong—they loved it. It was probably because Martin helped me figure 
out how to do line breaks and where to start a new stanza and all of that 
stuff that I hadn't been paying close attention to. Ms. Abernard said my 
poem was really good and suggested that I put it in the journal our class 


is starting, Black Cloud. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 68 


Here is the poem I wrote: 


WHEN YOUR GRANDFATHER DIES 


When your grandfather dies 

ask yourself ie ie 
if God exists 

because I don’t think it’s possible 


not when you see that old man 
still 

in a bed 

closed eyes 

head on chest 

not asleep 

notin his home 

but in a hospital where 

he didn’t want to be. 


And when you get to his funeral, 

don’t look in the casket 

no matter how much you think you want to 
don’t 

because that’s not your abuelito 


who shook trees 
and made the limes rain. 


69 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


That’s not abuelito who bought you 
dulces de coco raspados and paletas. 


That’s not him in that box 

with the little flowers painted on the outside 
and the embroidered cross on the inside 

for a safe journey. 


That’s not your abuelito who held you. 

That's not your abuelito who was ninety years old 
and still mowed his own lawn, 

kept nopales in his backyard 

and fed a dog 

named Palomo. 


That’s not him at all. 


Your abuelito would have worn a hat 

to cover his bald head. 

And he had a broken nail with dirt underneath 
from pulling out weeds all morning long. 

And he had more wrinkles. 

He smelled like Zest and Old Spice, 

and took naps in the sun. 

And he, he awoke when you called him. 


In that box 
is just an old man who looks like him. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 70 


Who is going in a hole in the ground (forever) 

Who will not be there when you get married. 

Who will not meet your children. 

Who will go under the earth and rocks and grass 

no matter what you say or how much you scream or cry. 

When you look at his pictures 

you will ask for forgiveness 

And when you stand on the ledge of that bridge ready to jump, 
you won't because he would be disappointed. 


Songs will remind you of him 

especially the one that goes, 

“Me cai de la nube que andaba. 

Como a veinte mil metros del altura.” 

Because he sang that song to you 

every time you said, 

“Abuelito, cantame la canci6n.” 

And he knew what song you were talking about 
because he knew you like nobody did. 


You will walk to his grave 

next to your grandmother's 

and ask him 

if there is a god, 

and he will not answer because he is dead. 

But because you still know what he’s thinking | 
you will know the answer. 


71 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


I started working on a second part to that poem about my grandmother 
dying. Just for fun. Martin told me he liked the poem. I think I might 
have a crush on him. Oh my God! I just realized that. I can’t have a crush 
on him though because I’m going out with Eric. Or can I? Would that be 
wrong? Does that make mea slut? Does that make mea wicked city woman? 
Probably. I need to stop watching those “I Love Lucy” reruns. Iam going to 


have a grilled cheese sandwich and think about this precarious situation. 


Later... 
I just got off the phone with Eric. I guess he told his family all about 
me and they all want to meet me, especially his abuelita. His abuelita? 


Precarious is definitely the word of the day. 
October 31 

Halloween was stupid. As usual. 
November 4 


This month’s poetry assignment is about being thankful. So cliché, Ms. 
Abernard, so cliché. I think the poem about my grandmother dying may fit 


in this category, so I am just going to keep on working on it and turn that 


ISABEL QUINTERO 72 


in. Cindy is looking totally pregnant now. We went shopping yesterday, and 
she actually had to get maternity clothes. Maternity clothes have this weird 
wide elastic waistband. They are hideous. I was glad we got to go together 
though, just me and her. I love Sebastian, but sometimes I just want some 
girl time with Cindy. So when we got back to my house and during our 
pepperoni pizza delight, I asked her something I had been meaning to ask 
her for a while and had been too embarrassed to do. I asked her what it felt 
like to have sex. Our conversation went something like this: 

ME: Hey, Cindy? 

CINDY: ;Que pasa, calabaza? 

ME: I want to ask you something very personal. But since you're my 
best friend, I thought I could ask you. 

(She looked at me very suspicious.) 

CINDY: Okaaaay...you’re not going to try to get me to walk you 
through using a tampon again, are you? Because that didn’t go over so 
well last time. 

ME: No! Besides, I'll get it. Eventually. What I wanted to know was, 
what did it feel like? 

CINDY: What did what feel like? 

ME: (Feeling my face turning super red but not about to give up on 


finding out this useful information) Sex. It. 


73 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


CINDY: It? You mean German’s thing? (Now she turned red.) 

ME: Well, yeah. 

CINDY: Well, you know what it feels like. You've felt one before. 

(I knew what she was talking about, but it was a totally different 
situation.) 


ME: Are you talking about the time at that quinceanfera? 


We burst out laughing. It was like two years ago, before I started keeping 
a diary. But I will record it anyway because I never want to forget this. 

We were both wearing white pants, black blouse, black heels, red 
lipstick, black liner and thick mascara. It was a quincenera for some girl 
we didn’t know. Her dream day was filled with strangers who were friends 
of friends that her mom’s cousin and dad’s uncle’s nephew's sister-in- 
law invited from work. Cindy’s mom drove us. We got a table close to 
the dance floor because that’s why we were there—to get our groove 
on. As soon as we got situated, Cindy's mom put the centerpiece—fake 
fuchsia flowers around a vase with a white candle in it, embraced by a 
glittery porcelain white doll (never mind that the real quinceafera was 
the color of tamarindo) and big Mis XV Afios on the doll’s dress—inside 
her purse. Typical Cindy’s mom behavior. Cindy looked hot. And I guess I | 
didn’t look that bad because right away this guy asked me to dance. He 


ISABEL QUINTERO 74 


too was wearing tight white pants, plus sombrero de lado (I used to think 
that wearing your hat to the side like that was sexy but not anymore). 
Buttons opened down his chest on his silk Virgen de Guadalupe dress 
shirt, exposing a fat gold chain that wrapped his neck, tangled in chest 
hair and dangling a big fat cross. Our lord and savior staring straight up 
at me as we danced. As he squeezed me tighter, sweat began to drip down 
homeboy’s chest and then...I felt it. I remember thinking ewww ewww 
ewww! For the first time in my life, on my hip, a man’s manhood. It was 
touching me. Dios mio. OMG. I did the first thing that came to mind to 
save me from further exposure to the male anatomy which seemed to be 
where this guy was headed—I said, “Mi amiga, Cindy, tiene muchas ganas 
de bailar contigo. Seriously, my friend Cindy loves to dance, ask her.” 
Cindy was pissed. Turned out it was her first time with it too. 

ME: Okay so that was not what I was talking about. You know that. 
Did it hurt? 

(Cindy got this weird look on her face, like she didn’t want to talk 
about it. ) 

CINDY: (She sighed and looked away from me.) No, it didn't feel good 
at all. For me at least. I mean, it hurt and wasn’t what I expected it would 
be like. I thought it would feel good, but it was mostly uncomfortable, 


after the pain was gone. There was a little blood on my underwear when I 


15 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


got home. It was just...it was so...I don’t know. It was definitely not how 
I imagined I would give it up. I mean we did it in the back of German's 
mom’s car. And you know how dirty she is. There was a mess in there. I 
think there was a Cheerio in my butt at one point. 

We couldn't stop laughing after she said the Cheerio in her butt. We 
finished our pizza, and then Cindy went home to start work on college 
applications (I am so happy that she’s sticking to that part of our plan at 
least). That was like thirty minutes ago. I guess I should get working on 
those applications too. I already finished my first personal statement. I 
figure I can tweak it for each one. They all ask for pretty much the same 


thing. Okay, nowl am seriously going to get started on these applications. 
November 6 


I can't believe I got a “C” on my Algebra II test. I totally thought I was 
going to fail it. That means that my mom was right. I just need to study 
more. I won't tell her that though, otherwise she would probably rub it in 
my face. I think Eric is growing on me a little more now. But I still can’t 
stop thinking about Martin either. I have written Eric a few more letters 
(that I obviously won’t send because as a girl I cannot be too forward, at 


least that is what my mom says—“No seas ofrecida. You seem desperate.”) : 


ISABEL QUINTERO 76 


Querido Eric, 


Tus labios se sentian tan suaves. Gracias por todo. 


G. 4 i 
Dear Eric, a 4 

What's up? How have you been since last we conversed? I have 
been ok. Thinking about you and our kisses. 


Eric, 

I am getting really tired of writing letters and not sending them 
to you. What I really want to say is that I really like kissing you. But 
maybe I just like kissing. I am very confused because though I like 
you, I also like Martin. And maybe even Josh still. I know what you are 
thinking. Well, not really because you are not reading these letters. 
But in any case, you would probably think, What a slut! And I don’t 
know if I would agree with you because I simply cannot help the way 
I feel. Can you help the way you feel? If so, good for you but I kind of 
like the way I feel. Though I would never admit it because you would 
say something like, “I thought fat girls were different.” And I would 
say, “Fat girls are different.” 


Gabi a 


77 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Whoa, Gabi, where did that last letter come from? Thank God, I ain't 
sending them. I wonder what Martin is doing. He looked so cute with his 
new red Converse on today. My mom’s knocking on the door so I have to 


go hide these Cheez-its and open the door. 


Later... 

My mom found the Cheez-its. I don’t get it. It’s not like she’s a 
supermodel. Why does she always have to be telling me to lose weight? 
“Es por tu bien! You need to be healthy. Do you want diabetes? Look at 
your grandma. She has diabetes and has to use insulin and she may even 
have to go through dialysis. Do you want dialysis?” Obviously not. Who 
would want dialysis? But I can’t say that to her because otherwise I'll 
get the old one-two to the face. Well, she’s always threatening to hit me 
but never does. I mean she has hit me a few times. The last time she tried 
to, Iran from her and her furry pink chancla to my room, wrapped myself 
in my blankets, and wiggled around screaming and crying like a lunatic. 
My mom felt really bad. And then I did too. ButI really didn’t want to get 
hit. In any case she found and confiscated my delicious cheesy treats, 
made me vacuum under the bed because she swears mice will invade, 
and said I have to start working out again. Yeah, that'll happen. I have 


too much shit to do this month. Working out will have to wait until 


ISABEL QUINTERO Bie 


December after all college applications are sent out and all that is left is 
to wait for rejections. 

Right now though, I am going to try not to think about where my 
dad is going. He decided that living sober was not the path for him. I can 
hear him taking his bike out of the garage. Sigh. Yup, there’s the fence 
and there goes my dad. I'll say a Padre Nuestro and a Hail Mary for him 


tonight. And maybe tomorrow, I’ll write a poem about it. 
November 10 


I don’t know whether to laugh or cry right now. I guess laughing would 
be bad because this is a serious situation. My mom got a call as soon 
as I got home from school that Beto had been arrested. ARRESTED. 
Ha! Okay, not really funny, but it kind of is. She’s always saying what 
a great kid he is and how wonderful and how blah blah blah. He’s her 
favorite. But today my little darling baby brother got arrested. Him and 
his friend Miguel Juarez to be exact. They got caught tagging up the 
side of a freeway...during the day...during school hours. Really? But 
this is the kicker: Beto gets arrested, and my mom blames me. She yells 
at me the whole time on our way to pick him up and says, “Is this what 


you teach him? ;Ese es el ejemplo que le das?” I want to scream, I am 


79 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


not his mother! You are! But I cannot remind her of this, or it is to the 
chancla I go, no matter how old I am. I cannot remind her that she has 
let him slide. She has expected less of him, and he has realized this. I 
cannot remind her that our father gave up, but that she doesn’t have to. 
I am pissed off. Very pissed off. And this is the part that isn’t so funny. 
Her perfect son, the little one that breaks no plates, the quiet one, got 
caught tagging and destroying public property—and she knows she’s 
responsible. He’s got talent, and I hope he sees it one day. But right 
now I can hear the disappointment in the other room—my mom’s voice 
cracking and the silence from the other side. She’s made him throw out 
everything he’s kept hidden in the closet that no one has bothered to 
look in until now: spray cans, markers, rollers, masks. And then I hear, 
“What the hell do you want with a fire extinguisher?!” And I wonder the 
same thing. I have failed as a sister. This I know because my mother told 
me so, and my brother is proof. 

But I can’t think about it too much right now. Too long of a day. 
Gonna work on second drafts, work on economics project, work on my 
grandma poem and then I'll check in on my brother. My mom will have left 


him alone by then. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 80 


Later... 

I just talked to my brother. He is really upset about the whole 
situation and says he doesn’t know why anyone cares. No one loves him, 
he said. “What?” I said, “You're crazy. I love you.” He says I don’t show it 
very much since I am always out with my friends and stuff. Which is true, I 
am. I mean not all the time because I can’t go out all the time, but I would 
much rather be with my friends than hang around this place and listen 
to my parents argue or watch my dad waste his life and money away. Plus 
Beto’s fifteen, and I’m seventeen. I like school, and he doesn’t. He likes 
to smoke weed, and I don’t. He’s had like a billion little girlfriends, and all 
I’ve had is Eric. He has a whole group of friends he hangs out with, I have 
Cindy and Sebastian. He can play the guitar, and I can type fast. He is six 
feet tall, and I’m not. I promised him I would spend more time with him 
and take him out more. But he really pissed me off because as soon as I 
said that, he asked if I would take him to buy some new markers and spray 


paint. Sometimes I wonder if we’re even related. 
November 15 


My mom is pregnant. Can my life get any more complicated? I can tell 


she’s not happy about it because she was really sad when she told us. The 


81 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


baby is going to be eighteen years younger than me and sixteen years 
younger than Beto, who seemed excited. He said he always wanted a little 
brother. I said I always wanted a little goat, but that ain’t happening. No 
one thought that was funny. I don’t get how a mom got pregnant since 
she and my dad have a dysfunctional relationship: he’s always high, and 
she’s always mad about him being high. And after that guy came by to 
collect what was owed a few months ago, I don’t know how she would let 
him touch her. But my dad seemed really excited, just like Beto. I don’t 
know why though, it’s not like he’s such a great father to the kids already 
out of the womb. It sounds harsh, I know, and I love my dad with all my 
heart, but what was he thinking? 

Cindy and Sebastian tripped out when I told them. They couldn't 
believe it either. Sebastian wondered if the baby would be okay 
because my dad uses drugs. I assured him that it only mattered if 
my mom used drugs. Js my mom using drugs? That would be the only 
logical explanation for this unfortunate situation. I told Eric and he 
was like, “Congratulations!” He knows very little about my family, 
otherwise I doubt he would be congratulating me. He has a little 
baby brother and two older sisters and two loving, seemingly normal 
parents. I met his abuelita last week, and she was really sweet. She 


said I was very pretty and commented on how white my skin was. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 82 


Never fails. They were also surprised when I spoke Spanish. I swear I 
should take this show on the road. 

A new baby...that means there will be crying and diapers and more 
messes and more laundry and more money needed. Does that mean I'll 
have to get a job? Will I still be able to-go away to college? My mom is 
always going on about how good Mexican girls stay home and help their 
families when they are in need and how that differentiates us from other 
people. Kind of wishing I was other people right now if that is what is 
going to determine my Mexicanness at the moment. My mom should have 
taken her own advice—ojos abiertos, piernas cerradas. If she would’ve 
kept her eyes opened and her legs shut, we wouldn’t be in this mess. I'll 
think about that later though. Right now I need to finish typing the final 
draft of my personal statements. I was surprised at how well they came 
out. Tomorrow I will put all my application packets together and send 
them out. Thank God for fee waivers and saved-up birthday money. 

Just realized that there are now two pregnant women in my life, and 
both of them are in very similar situations. I won’t tell my mom though 
because she’d probably be pissed. I have to work on that poem about my 
grandma. I’m finding out that I really like poetry. It’s therapeutic. It’s like I 
can write something painful on paper and part of it (not all of it, obviously) 


disappears. It goes away somewhere, and the sadness I feel dissolves a little 


83 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


bit. I’ve always liked poetry, but I didn’t realize how powerful it could be. 


Gotta go to sleep, otherwise I will not be able to do anything tomorrow. 
November 16 


College applications were sent out. All six of them. Four state schools and 
two dream schools. Ina perfect world, Iwould be accepted to allofthem, and 
I could just pick and choose, but I have a feeling that those dream schools 
will just stay dream schools. Especially Berkeley. Berkeley is my number one 
choice. Berkeley has an awesome English program which is what I want to 
study. Ms. Abernard suggested I study English and take creative writing 
classes but then get a Masters in Fine Arts—an MFA—in poetry. I don’t know 
what I would do without her. Besides having a great English department, 
Berkeley is only a hop-skip-and-a-jump away from San Francisco. 

SAN FRANFREAKINGCISCO. 

I went there last year with my mom to visit a friend of hers, and it was 
such an amazing city. When you are there, you feel alive and motivated 
and inspired. Ms. Abernard said a lot of famous poets have made their 
home there, and that it has a poet-friendly community. I pray every night 
for the college gods to admit me into Berkeley. 


Cindy, Sebastian and Eric have not sent any of their stuff out yet. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 84 


Cindy says she’s scared she won't makeit. She’s thinking about just getting 
a job at the doctor’s office where her mom works as a receptionist. I told 
her that was a dumb idea, that she wanted to be a doctor, not work for a 
doctor. And that, since she was going to have a baby, she should try to be 
a good role model by not giving up on herdreatns. She said she would send 
the applications out (thank God). Ihope she didn’t just say that so I would 
shut up. Eric said he might consider going to community college, but that 
he was hoping to become a famous skate boarder. I laughed out loud and 
said, “What?” I thought he was kidding, but he was totally serious. I need 
to do something about this relationship. Sebastian also wants to get into 
Berkeley...far far away from Santa Maria de los Rosales, CA. It would make 
sense for him too. I mean Santa Maria is known for smog and overcrowded 
highways, not for its love and acceptance of gay folk. But still...I love my 
city with the same force that I love my dad. There's no escaping my roots, 
and I quess it’s better to embrace them than cut them. 

Now to finish that poem. One more rewrite of the last stanza of my 


poem about my grandma and I'L be ready to read it tomorrow. 


85 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


November 17 


Read the poem and got a mixed reaction from the class. Some of the people 
said they liked it, and some said it was mean. Those that thought it was mean 
said that I shouldn’t talk about my grandma that way because she’s dead and 
that 1t was disrespectful and blah blah blah. But Martin came to my rescue and 
said that the poem was supposed to be about giving thanks. And that my poem, 
although unconventional (he actually said “unconventional”—what is he, like 
30?), expressed how thankful I was about my grandma not suffering anymore. 


Here’s my unconventional poem. 
WHEN YOUR GRANDMOTHER FORGETS 


When your grandmother forgets 
she will forget all about you 

and God. 

She will forget how to knit 

how to make tortillas 

or why she exists. 


She will wander the streets 
lost in her city. 

Her mind will crumble behind her 
and you will scramble 

picking up pieces 

that she will reject 


ISABEL QUINTERO 86 


because 
she does not remember you. 


And you will say things like, 
“Abuelita, soy yo, Gabi.” 

And she will try to place you 

but she can only find one memory. — 


“When you were small 

you were lost for two hours 

we couldn’t find you in the park. 

You were by the lake looking at ducks 
feeding them bread 

that you got from who knows where.” 


Si, abuela, si me acuerdo. 


“T remember, Gabi, when you were small. 
You were lost for two hours 

we couldn’t find you in the park. 

You were by the lake looking at the ducks 
feeding them bread 

that you got from who knows where.” 


“When you were small...” 
and that is all that is left. 
It will go on 

until you go home. 


Empty. 


87 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


And when your abuela dies 
you will feel guilty. 

Because... 

well, because you are thankful. 
Because at least now 

she can’t forget anymore. 


Reading it again makes me see how it could seem a little heartless, but— 
in my defense—seeing my grandmother forget who we were and—worst 
of all—forget her own son was very painful for everyone, even her. My 
dad got so much worse after she died. We didn’t see him for one month 
straight after that happened. It was the most stressful time in my life. We 
all were afraid he had died somewhere and didn’t have ID on him, so the 
city just cremated him, and we wouldn’t ever know what happened. Still, 
T would fall asleep by the door waiting for him like when I was a little girl. 
When he finally showed up, he was thin and his beard had grown, and he 
hadn’t showered and smelled bad...I almost didn’t want to let him in the 
house. But I did. Good Mexican girls never turn away their parents, no 
matter how awful they’ve been. My mother taught me that. 


Besides, I love him. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 88 


November 20 


Eric was such a jerk today. We went to the mall with Cindy and Sebastian. We 
were looking inside one of the stores, and there was this rainbow- colored 
tutu thing so Ericthoughtit would be funnyto pallit out and say to Sebastian, 
“Hey, look, you could wear this to school on Monday and show some pride!” 
First off, What? Secondly, What an asshole. I gave him a mean look, and he 
got all mad, and we had a big fight about him being stupid, and he said, “You 
know what, fine. I’lljust call my mom to pick me up.” I think he expected me 
to be like, “Oh no, don’t do that. It’s okay, I’m sorry!” But the fool thought 
wrong because I said, “Super. That’s one less trip I have to make.” And walked 
away with Cindy and Sebastian. He looked pissed. But oh well, he shouldn’t 
have acted like that. Sebastian tried to make it seem like it wasn’t such a big 
deal, but I know it had stung. He has been overly sensitive to things like that 
since his stupid tia Agi has been making him go to the pray-the-gay-away 
sessions. I think he should stop going, and he says that if he does stop going, 
he won't have anywhere to live, that his tia said the only way he could stay 
with her was if he kept going. I wish I could be like, “Oh, just come live with 
us. No problemo.” But the truth is, I don’t even want to be at my house so I 


definitely don’t want to put someone else through that misery. 


$9 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


November 24 


It’s Thanksgiving. Holidays at the Hernandez household can go one of two 
ways: as planned or disastrous. Thanksgiving last year consisted of going 
to my tio Beto’s house and having a Thanksgiving meal that his crazy wife 
cooked for us. The whole time I was eating, I was praying because—while 
it tasted delicious—she could have (and would have possibly) poisoned 
us. That would be an example of a holiday going as planned. 

Christmas, however, rarely goes as planned. Last year we spent 
Christmas Eve at the hospital because my dad accidentally ran. over my 
foot when he was backing up in the driveway. Was he drunk? Yup. Did 
we take the keys? Of course not, why would we? This year, Thanksgiving 
seems to be on track. Tia Bertha is making a ham and mashed potatoes, 
Mami is making macaroni and cheese, and green beans, and Sebastian 
(who is spending the night) is bringing tamales that his tia Agi made. Our 
neighbor Rosemary always sends two pies over: apple and pumpkin. She is 
a super sweet old lady and an excellent baker. When I was a kid, I used to 
visit all the time because she let me help her in the kitchen. I still go over at 
least once a week. She’s teaching me howto make pies. That is a dangerous 
skill to teach this food lover. We've already made coconut cream and apple. . 


Next week is strawberry. Mmmm, my favorite. I even wrote a haiku for pies. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 90 


Blissful strawberry 
I will walk with you all night 
Coconut melody dream 


Later... 

This holiday went as planned. My dad st Surprisingly coherent, tia 
Bertha didn’t mind that Sebastian (the bringer of the anti-Christ) was 
present or that abuelita Gloria took about ten hours saying a prayer (all 
of which was in Catholic). Mami didn’t get angry, Beto didn’t instigate 
and the meal was delicious. It would be awesome if all our holidays were 
like this, but we could never have such good luck. I ate too much mashed 
potatoes and too many tamales, and now my stomach feels as though it 
is going to burst. Just laying here writing is painful. Ugh. But today is 
one of those days that I have to take one for the team (the team being 
me, myself and I). I still have to sneak a slice of pumpkin pie and whipped 
cream before my mom puts it away. Just realized I haven't talked to Eric 


since the day I left him at the mall. I wonder if we’re still dating? Boys 


are so complicated. 


91 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


November 28 


I had a feeling that our Thanksgiving Day bliss would not last. As soon as I 
got home today, I knew something was wrong. Usually I drive Beto home, 
but today my mom picked him up because I had to work on a project for 
my government class. We’re making a mock presidential campaign and we 
started working on the scripts for commercials today. They are hilarious. 
But anyway, I got home and Beto was already there, sitting on the front 
porch and upset. There was a drill, a jigsaw, some screws and some planks 
of wood leaning against the wall. This had Dad written all over it. 

ME: What happened? 

BETO: Nothing. | 

ME: What happened? 

BETO: Why doesn’t he love me? Why doesn’t he care about keeping 
promises, about how he treats us, about Mom, about you, about me? He 
doesn't care about anything except getting fucking high! That’s all he 
cares about, getting high. I hate him! He’s a fucking asshole! 

(By this time he was sobbing and I was trying not to.) 

ME: What did he do? 

BETO: He said he was going to help me build the ramp in the . 


backyard. We went to the store, got all this stupid shit. On our way back, 


ISABEL QUINTERO 92 


his stupid friends called him, and he dropped me off with the stuff and 
left. He said he would be back, but that’s another fucking lie! He’s been 
gone four hours! Why doesn’t he love me, Gabi? Why? 

He picked up the hammer and broke the unbuilt ramp. Smashed the 
drill. And broke the jigsaw. I couldn’t stop him, and part of me didn’t want 
to because he had to let it out. When he was done, I grabbed him and held 
him. We went to the porch steps, and we sat there. I knew that it wasn’t 
about the stupid ramp. My dad just doesn’t keep promises—ever. Not to 
the people who love him anyway. 

When we were kids, he would tell us he would take us bowling on 
Saturday mornings. Beto and I would get up early, get ready, and wake him 
up—like he said to do. Instead he would wake up and say, “Otro dia. I have 
other things to do.” He did have other things to do, and we would get dragged 
along to those things. Things like waiting in cars for him while he did pick 
ups. Sometimes it would be two hours before he got out. And it didn’t matter 
what time of year it was—summer, winter, spring, fall. We would be in the car 
during 100 degree weather or during rain or hail or winds or on a beautiful 
day when other kids would be going to the park with their dads. 

Now that we’re teenagers, we don’t go with him anymore. And he 
knows better than to ask us. Me especially. He tried that shit a few weeks 


ago, asking me to take him to his friend Flaco’s house. I told him that I 


93 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


wasn'ta kid anymore, and if he loved me he would never ask me to do that 
again. He looked like he felt really bad, but I had to do tt. 

My baby brother is different. He doesn’t say much, but he feels a lot 
of anger and sadness, and he can’t scream it out loud or eat through it like 
I do. Most of the time he hides it well, but I know it’s there underneath, 
simmering, coming to a slow rolling boil, and one day it will explode. It 
will spill over, drowning and scalding everything in its path. Today was 
nothing compared to what I am afraid will happen one day. When my dad is 
in a drugged stupor, he always lets him know just how much he thinks he’s 
worth. Little Brother cries and asks, “Why don’t you love me?” Our father, 
the beast, answers, “Vete con tu madre, ella si te querré.” 

And she does, even if she’s always scolding us. It seems like my mom 
is the only one who loves us. 

My brother is fifteen. He knows many things. He knows howto makea 
pipe out of an apple, and he knows howto make beautiful murals on public 
property. He likes wrestling and biking and skateboarding but doesn’t like 
school because school doesn’t understand kids like us. My brother—the 
brat, the crybaby, the quiet one, the brown one, Mami’s s favorite: where 
will he go? I ask myself that question over and over. Y no se. I don’t know 


where he will go, but I hope wherever it is it’s better than here. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 94 


November 29 


I finally talked to Eric today. He was really pissed that I left him at the 
mall. I reminded him that he was the one who said he was going to call 
his mom to pick him up and that I never told him to do that. He said that 
he had expected me to stop him. What? Why would I do that? Of course 
I never said that because it would just cause another fight. He said 
whatever and that he was sorry for insulting Sebastian but that he didn’t 
know blah blah blah. So, I guess we are still dating. I thought I would 
feel good about it, but I really don’t. Maybe it’s all the shit going on at 
home or all the school work I am doing (I still have to write that paper 
on Brave New World and finish reading and responding to five poems for 
my poetry class, study for the math mid-term aaaaand finish filming the 
commercials for government) or all the drama in Cindy and Sebastian’s 
lives. This is too much. Way too much. I may take Sebastian’s offer for 
tomorrow and ditch with him and Pedro. But I don’t know. I've never done 
something like that. If my mom finds out, she'll kick my ass. Cindy said 
she would, but that, in her current condition, drugs would affect the baby, 
and it could come out deformed. Which made me question what deformity 


would be born from me if I went and smoked weed with them. 


95 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


November 30 


THANK GOD I DIDN'T GO. So, this morning after third period, when 
Sebastian and Pedro were getting ready to ditch, I told them I couldn't 
go. That I had a really bad feeling about it, and if I went my mom would 
literally kill me. One drug addict is enough in our house, thank you. 
Pedro said you can’t get addicted to weed, but if I was chicken, then 
fine. I said, “Cluck you.” They just rolled their eyes and left. I didn’t see 
them after school either, but Sebastian texted Cindy who then called 
me (I really need to find a way to make money to replace my phone) 
and told me everything. It turns out that Pedro and Sebastian went to 
Skyline and almost as soon as they lit up, THE COPS APPEARED! Well, of 
course Sebastian started crying and saying how he couldn’t get arrested 
because his tia would kick him Pe because now he would be gay and a 
druggie, and she wouldn’t want that in her house and all this and that. 
The police asked which car was theirs (apparently Sebastian was crying 
the whole time—he is definitely not cut up to be an outlaw) and, since 
they had probable cause, they searched it. Pedro, however, had a lot of 
weed on him. A LOT. Enough to get him arrested. Sebastian didn’t know 
— that his little Bolivian with the sexy accent was selling. Finding that out — 


made him more hysterical, and the police thought it was obvious that 


ISABEL QUINTERO 96 


he had no idea what was going on, and they LET HIM GO! What?! I mean, 
that’s a good thing, but that is some pretty bad police work. I am so 
freaking happy I didn’t go with them. I would have been totally fucked. 
I wouldn’t have been able to see my friends until I was eighty. Sebastian 
said he learned his lesson, and that he would never smoke weed again in 


his whole entire life. Unless it was legalized. 


Later... 

Ms. Abernard is the coolest teacher. Ever. She has us read the usual 
school board-approved stuff that won’t get her into trouble. But since she 
knows some of us from the poetry club she used to run, she gives us a 
secret reading list. The reading list is very secret because she could get 
fired (or something like that) for giving it to us. So she only gives it to 
people she can trust: Martin, Lindsay, Harold, Jackie and me. This week 
we were learning about spoken word, and she said that if we were going to 
learn about spoken word, we needed to learn about the Beats. She gave us 
a poem to look at and think about, a poem written by Allen Ginsberg titled 
“Howl.” I was in shock that Ms. Abernard could trust us with such poetry. I 
mean the first lines are, “I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed 
by madness, starving hysterical naked, / dragging themselves through 


the negro streets at dawn looking for an angry fix.” That’s the magic of 


97 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


poetry—some gay Jewish poet wrote about people wasting away around 
him because of drugs, and I, a straight Mexican-American girl, know how 
he felt because I am seeing the same waste he witnessed over fifty years 
ago. Ginsberg is talking about my dad in those first lines. He didn’t know 
it then, but he was. 

I was inspired by the poem and by the spoken word poet that Ms. 
Abernard invited to our class today. Her name is Poppy and her poetry 
was about being Black and trying to find herself and losing weight and 
being a woman and...she was awesome! She said that spoken word poetry 
was different because it was meant to be read out loud as a performance. 
She also invited the class to participate in an open mic at a coffee shop 
called The Grind Effect on the other side of Santa Maria. I have driven by 
that place once or twice on my way to the mall but have never been inside. 
Poppy's talk made me want to try to write a spoken word poem about my 
dad. I don’t know why, but it seems like the perfect form to talk about him. 
I started writing like two hours ago, and I think I’m almost done, but I will 


have to finish tomorrow because I am really tired. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 98 


December 1 


I wasn't able to sleep last night because I had to finish my poem. And— 
because I had to finish my poem—I didn’t finish my math homework. Ah! 
Algebra II is the only thing stopping me from’getting into college. I have 
to pass it because otherwise I will not get into any of the schools I applied 
to. Need to focus. Today Jessica Smalls, Javier Rubio and I presented our 
Campaign commercial in government class and everyone thought it was 
hiliarious. We filmed it ata park and did some cheesy special effects. At one 
point, we dressed Javier up like a baby and had Jessica kiss him. Even Mr. 
Reyes laughed at that. I hope we get an A. At lunchtime, I saw Eric (he is 
really really starting to annoy me), and we hung out. I don't feel like I have 
a lot to talk to him about. It feels like all we do is make out. And, while I 
like that, I would love to have someone to talk to about poetry and friends 
and family. I still don’t feel like I could trust him with my family situation, 
and he hates poetry. We are not a match made in heaven, but I still have 
feelings for him and want to try and work it out. To top it off, Beto caught 
us making out by the gym on his way to P.E. “New shoes,” was all he said. 
Fuck, I thought. There goes the cell phone money I had been saving up 
from cleaning Rosemary's house. So I have to take him to the mall after 


school today to buy him some new shoes so he won't tell my mom. 


99 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Later... 

Just when I thought things couldn't get worse...I went to the mall 
today with Beto. I stared out the window of the shoe store—people 
watching. There were couples hand-in-hand across the second-story 
bridge that connects the Vans store to the food court. I see ice cream 
cones dripping on the blue mall carpet near the pretzel shop, and then 
I see familiar blue braces. It’s Eric. I hadn't told him I would be coming 
to the mall today—it was a lucky coincidence. I stepped to the doorway 
to wave hello and immediately stopped when I saw Sandra. Sandra and 
Eric kissing. Dripping ice cream all over the floor, making a big mess. My 
brother sees what I see and puts the shoes back. 

“T didn’t want them anyway.” 

We drove back home in silence. I tried not to cry. And was able to wait 
until I got into my room and shut the door. I pulled some Kit-Kats from my 


underwear drawer and chewed my heartache away. 


ERIC THE HEART BREAKER 


Eric who said he loved me 

Eric who said forever 

Eric who was my first kiss 

Eric who always gave me the pepperoni off his pizza 
because it is my favorite 


ISABEL QUINTERO 100 


Eric who never called me fat 
Eric who took me home to meet his abuelita 
Eric who never lies 


lied to me. 


Took my heart 
and laughed at it. 
Deep fried it 
milanesa style 
made a torta 

and ate it. 


No remorse. 
None atall. 


He’s a fucking cannibal. 


Now I know why Sylvia Plath had so much to write about. Writing when 


you're sad is so much easier. And it makes you feel a little better. 
December 2 


It’s a good thing I have a brother who has my back, who is willing to do 
illegal things to get revenge on behalf of his sister. This morning in the 


school parking lot, Eric’s shiny car had new dents on its bright yellow 


101 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


hood and scratches that zigzagged all around to the passenger side 
reading “ASSHOLE.” I guess my brother moved on from painting murals to 
working metal sculptures. I told Cindy what happened yesterday, and she 
couldn’t believe it. 

CINDY: But he was so nice! Except that day at the mall. 

ME: Yeah. Well, I guess Sandra thinks he’s really nice too. 

CINDY: I can’t believe she would stoop so low. I mean we were all 
friends. At least for a little while. You just don’t break girl code. It was 
pretty bitchy of her to do it. I mean you would expect something like that 
from Georgina, but not Sandra. 

ME: Actually, I think Little Payasa wouldn't do that. She’s a chismosa 
and a bitch most of the time, but she doesn’t seem like she would do that. 

We kept talking about it, and the conversation kept going in circles, 
but it was okay. I didn’t want to admit to Cindy that, though my heart 
was broken, it wasn’t as broken as I thought it would be because I kind 
of like Martin. I feel bad about that, like I’m supposed to be lying in bed 
distraught, eating an entire container of Chunky Monkey. But I already 
did that last night. And I think one night of crying for a guy I-think-I- 
really-like-but-am-not-so-sure-about-anymore is enough. I'll have to 
sort those feelings out. 


I saw Eric at lunch, and we hadn’t had a chance to talk. I hadn’t told 


ISABEL QUINTERO 102 


him I had seen him with Sandra or anything. He was super pissed about his 
car. Icouldn’t blame him. I mean, he just bought it. Maybe Beto shouldn't 
have done that. He was going on and on. When I was just like 0h, that 
sucks and mmmhmmm, he asked me, “What's wrong with you?” I didn’t 
say anything. And he knew there was something wrong. 

ME: There’s nothing wrong. 

ERIC: Obviously there is, or you would be more worried about my car. 

ME: Well, okay. Here’s the thing. I don’t like you anymore, and I 
don’t want to be your girlfriend. 

ERIC: What? 

ME: Yeah. I don’t like you anymore. Here’s the ugly necklace that 
you gave me. 

ERIC: What? Why are you doing this? (He looked like he was about to 
cry, and I kind of felt good about that. My mom is right: Iam bad.) 

ME: It’s over. (I got up and walked away. And because I watch a lot 
of telenovelas, I added, in the most dramatic way possible...) By the way, 
I saw you at the mall yesterday. You made a mess all over the carpet with 
your ice cream. 


He, of course, couldn’t say anything. 


103 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


December 5 


The weirdest thing that happened after I broke up with Ericis that Joshua 
Moore came up to me and asked me if I wanted to go to the movies with 
him on Friday. Joshua Moore asked ME to the movies! ME! I would have 
been an idiot if I said no. I’ve had a crush on him like forever! Okay well, 
I kind of stopped having a crush on him a while back, but he’s still super 
duper HOT! I told Cindy and Sebastian, and they said it was a stupid idea 
to go out with him. They asked if I had forgotten that he had gone out 
with Sandra? Of course I hadn’t. Though when he asked me, I was so 
hypnotized by his beauty that I did forget. But of course I couldn’t admit 
to that unless I wanted a whole lecture on inner and outer beauty. I asked 
my mom if I could please go out with him on Friday night to the movies. 
She told me to ask my dad. (My dad? Really, Mom?) Finally, I convinced 
her to let me go. 

My mom hasn't been herself since she’s been pregnant. She doesn’t 
look too fresh. She has morning sickness and some sort of diabetes, and 
she’s been losing weight instead of gaining it. Tia Bertha is being nicer 
and trying to help out, but she’s a little too much sometimes. Like she 
wants us to pray with her now that my mom is pregnant, and my dad is ° 


being, well, my dad. But she doesn’t want us to pray to the Virgen or to 


ISABEL QUINTERO 104 


saints or anything Catholic. We are not the type of Catholics that go to 
confession on Friday and mass on Sunday. We are more like the “there’s 
a bautismo on Saturday and your grandma will be mad because we didn’t 
show up, so we better be there if we don’t want to hear another lecture on 
how my mother is letting us go straight to hell” type of Catholics. 

My abuelito used to say that we live like los animalitos, because we 
did not have our first communion and my parents lived in sin, not being 
married and all. Not by the Catholic church at least. My mother wanted to 
take me out of the animalito stage and make my grandfather proud, even 
if he was dead. 

The second step for me to morph from animal to human was taking 
me to the church youth group (which I quickly ceased attending and wish 
to forget ever happened because all it did was fill me with questions and 
guilt). The beginning step had been my first communion a few years ago, 
butI don’t think my mother’s that committed. My auntis different though. 
I think she just wants us to join in her Hallelujahs! and Amens! that can 
be heard all the way down the street. That ain’t happening. We metin the 


middle and agreed to pray in separate rooms so religions wouldn't collide. 


105 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


December 7 


Can’t wait until my date with Josh this Friday! It’s going to be awesome: 
I bought a new outfit for the occasion. It’s this super cute red skirt which 
was kind of short for my usual style, but Cindy threatened me into buying 
it saying that it looked really cute on me, and ifI didn’t get it she would tell 
my mom about my stash under the last drawer of my dresser. So I got it. I 
also bought this black top and black tights and cute little loafer things. I 
can’t wait! Even though she went shopping with me, Cindy keeps telling 
me that going on this date is not such a good idea, and I reminded her 
that her track record isn’t so good. She wasn’t too keen on that comment. 

The thing is that high school boys are young, dumb and full of cum. 
That’s the saying, I think. Santa Maria High School is not an exception 
to that rule. We have all kinds of boys: The Good, The Bad, The Sweet and 
The Jerk. I love them all...well, some more than others. I...we (Cindy and 
me) are boy crazy. I guess Cindy can no longer be boy crazy, so that just 
leaves me as the crazy one. And not ashamed at that. Well, a little. Because 
girls shouldn’t be boy crazy, right? That’s what my mom always says. She 
says that we don’t want to be faciles—easy, sluts, hoes or ofrecidas. And 
that being this way was what got Cindy in trouble, and, unless I want to » 


follow in her footsteps, I should think twice about going out with Josh. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 106 


She says she knows that I’m young, and I’m probably confused, but that I 
can't go from one boy to another. “Oh, que te crees? Americana? We don’t 
do things like that.” My mom is a trip. Her friend Amelia recently divorced 
her husband like three months ago, a man she had been married to for 
twenty-five years, and she’s getting remarried to some other guy—who 
happens to be twenty-three—next week. Amelia, I reminded my mother, 
is as Mexican as they get, unless Oaxaca is now a part of the United States. 
She said it was different, and I didn’t know what I was talking about. That's 
her answer every time I am right about something that she doesn’t like 
me being right about—” You don’t know what you’re talking about because 
you're still a girl.” Sure, Mom. Besides, I told her, I wasn’t going from one 
boy to another. And it’s true. 1am not Josh’s girlfriend, and I am definitely 
not Eric’s girlfriend anymore, so I am free as a bird. She said that girls are 
never free. They always have to comportarse bien. Behave well. Ugh. She 
said she wouldn’t stop me from going out with Josh, but that I would regret 
it. “Vas a ver que tengo la razon.” I hope she’s not right. I don't think she 


is. What could happen that would be so bad? 


107 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


December 8 


I will never find out what could have been so bad about going out with 
the incredible edible Joshua Moore because that ass-face canceled on me. 
He said something about having to start work on Friday and how he was 
really sorry, and he would make it up to me and blahbity blah blah. My 
mom didn’t say anything about Josh standing me up, although she could 
have. She could have said something about me pacing around like some 
desperate hyena, waiting for Sandra’s leftovers. Well, she wouldn’t say 
that because that’s not something that my mom would say, but I guess 
that’s how I feel. What possessed me to believe that Joshua Moore would 
ever want to date me? A fat girl? I had already imagined that our night 
would have gone like this: I would have worn my new outfit, the red skirt 
and black blouse. He would have picked me up and would have had a box 
of Scotchmallows from See’s Candies. Just Scotchmallows, none of that 
milk chocolate truffle crap. He would also have had tulips. Bright pink 
tulips. We would get into his Toyota pickup and drive off to the new Frida 
Kahlo exhibit at the Santa Maria Museum of Art, where we would stroll 
around, talking about each piece and contemplating the amount of pain 
the poor woman was in as each stroke was made. Then he would take me - 


to that cupcake place near the museum, Cassidy’s Cupcakery, (where I 


ISABEL QUINTERO 108 


got diarrhea from Cassidy’s famous sugar-free coconut cupcake that time 
I was on one of my many diets, but I wouldn’t have told him that part 
in case the poor boy might be disgusted, and I certainly would not have 
ordered the sugar-free coconut again) and we would have dessert before 
dinner. Then we would go to the Pizza Shoppe and eat three slices of 
pepperoni pizza (each). When he would drop me off, he would give mea 
soft kiss on the lips and look longingly into my eyes and tell me how he 
had been waiting for me for so many years, but was so intimidated by my 
sheer awesomeness that he had never dared approach me. 

But—that scenario was not in the stars. Instead, I will be at home 
working on my spoken word poem about my dad and scarfing down more 


of my creamy disappointment remedy: Chunky Monkey Ice Cream. 
December 9 


My disappointment didn’t last too long. During our poetry class this 
morning, Martin asked me if I would be interested in workshopping 
poems together. I was like, “What?” He said that he was working on some 
poems at home that were not assigned by Ms. Abernard and would I mind 
helping him with them. I was a little shocked because Martin is a poetry 


genius. Why would he ask me? But I said yeah, that it would be cool, in 


109 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


a monotone-kind-of-uninterested-sort-of-way. I mean, what else could 
I do? Get all excited and giggly and say with gusto (hmmmm I wonder 
if Iam using that word correctly? Usually I only use that word when I’m 
talking about food), “Oh my God, Martin! Please come on over. I secretly 
have a major crush on you that I won’t admit to anyone, not even Cindy or 
Sebastian, and you coming to my house would be a fantasy come true!” 
Yeah, that would probably be a bad idea. However, I did say something 
like, “Oh my God, Martin! It’d be cool to work on poetry with someone 
else. And I have some really good beef jerky we can snack on!” Which, 
now that I think about it, sounds pretty awkward and creepy. Who gets 
excited about snacking on beef jerky, no matter how good itis? Me, that’s 
who. And only me. Oh well. Tis the life of a misunderstood teenage poet. 
But maybe it didn’t sound so bad to Martin because he said that sounded 
good. Also, Ms. Abernard had been explaining that there are groups of 
people that get together and work on poetry and that some of us should 
consider joining or starting such a group. Hopefully, he thinks that’s what 
I was all excited about. 

Two people that weren’t so excited about my pseudo-date were 
Sebastian and Cindy. I had to bail on Cindy’s mom’s green enchiladas. Her 
mom makes the best enchiladas verdes in the world. Apparently Cindy had ' 


been craving them and since her mom is finally getting used to her daughter 


ISABEL QUINTERO 110 


being pregnant (and is a little excited about being a grandmother), she is 
fulfilling Cindy’s every food wish. Sometimes I wish I was pregnant just to 
use the “I’m eating for two” excuse. Though I know that excuse is bullshit, 
and Cindy will be regretting all the tortas de carne asada she’s been 
downing. Her mom is still disappointed in her of course and still makes 
inappropriate and hurtful comments and still says that it willtake her a long 
time to forgive her for what she did to her, but, besides that, she’s been 
a peach. When I told Cindy and Sebastian that I wasn’t going to go over 
because I was going to work on poetry with Martin, they were surprised. 

I tried to play it off like I was doing Martin a big favor while secretly 
I couldn’t wait to have him in my clutches. “Yeah, we’re going to work 
on some poetry. He’s been having trouble with one of his poems, and I 
said no problemo, I'd be glad to help. Besides, I’m working on a poem 
about my dad and he said maybe he could help me.” When Sebastian 
said, “Really? You’re going to ditch us for stupid poetry with Martin?,” 
I was a little hurt. I tried not to let it show, but I think he realized that 
his words had cut a little. Not deep like a machete, but sting-y like a 
papercut. “Sorry, Gabi. It’s just that you’ve never turned down Cindy’s 
mom’s enchiladas. It’s just weird, that’s all. I guess if you want to meet 
with Martin instead of us it’s fine, but...” 


If that’s what you want is friend talk for you-shouldn’t-want- 


111 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


that-and-if-you-do-you-a re-somewhat-of-a-traitor-so-you-best-be- 
changing-your-mind-now. But I didn’t fall for it, though I tried to make 
it seem like it was a really hard choice. “Sorry, guys, but I already said I 
would meet up with him, and it’d be rude if I didn’t follow through. I don't 
want him to think I’m a flake.” Following through is something I’ve been 


working on. In any case, Martin should be coming over in like an hour. 
December 10 


Yesterday was the best date ever! Okay, so it wasn’t a date in the romantic 
sense, but it was an amazing date on the calendar. Martin came over 
around 6:00 p.m. For some reason, I didn’t mind him visiting me at my 
house probably because my dad has been gone for over a week, and it 
doesn’t seem like he'll be back for a while. I saw him at the park the other 
day, and I know he saw me too, but he just turned and walked away with 
some of his homeless friends. My mom would be working a double shift 
tonight at the hospital, but she said that Martin could come over since 
my tia Bertha is still hanging around, and she definitely wouldn’t let any 
hanky-panky go on. Beto was teasing me because I think he knows I like 
Martin. He asked, “So who’s coming over?” when he saw me take out my 


good beef jerky stash and some soda. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 112 


“Martin.” 

“Who?” 

“Martin. He’s this guy in my poetry class, and he wanted to work on 
some poems together.” 

“Hmmmm. How cute. Two geeks sharing poetry. Hahahahaha!” 

“Shut up! It’s not even like that!” 

“Really? Then why did you take out your so-called “good” beef jerky 
that you won’t share with anyone?” 

“Whatever.” 

I walked to my room, but I could hear, “I thought so!” as I closed 
the door. 

Everything was ready when Martin got there: the beef jerky, the sodas, 
my heart, hopes and expectations. Tia Bertha let him in and said we could 
work in my room as long as the door was left open. She wouldn’t let us use the 
living room because she would be watching the news and then novelas. I don’t 
mind novelas so much (okay, secretly I love them) because they are full of over- 
exaggerated drama and acting. In real life, if anyone behaved like they doina 
Mexican soap opera, we would think they were insane. We went to my room (I 
was so thankful my mom made me clean it up!) and sat on the floor. 

MARTIN: You're room is pretty cool. Why do you have so many 


pictures of Zac Efron on your wall? 


113 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


ME (totally blushing): Well, they’re old posters, and they've been 
up there for a while. I kind of had a crush on him when I was a freshman. 

MARTIN: Oh. Well, it’s okay because I used to have pictures of Eva 
Mendes on my wall. 

ME: Ha! 

MARTIN: So did you send out any college applications? 

ME: Yeah. I sent out a bunch. I hope I get accepted to at least one. 

MARTIN: Me too. I can’t wait to go to college. I mean I love high 
school, seeing my friends everyday and having easy homework, but there 
has to be something more. 

ME: I know what you mean. I really want to leave this one-horse 
town. Last year we visited a school in San Diego, and I loved it! It was 
cool, but my dream is to get into Berkeley. 

MARTIN: Dude, I went on that field trip too! I didn’t know you were 
there. Can you imagine picking your own classes? Being able to take 
classes that you are actually interested in, not stupid AP calculus or AP 
anatomy physiology. (I stayed quiet because I didn’t have either of those 
classes and felt a little stupid.) 

ME: Yeah, I know what you mean. (I popped a piece of jerky.) Jerky? 

MARTIN: Hey, this is pretty good. I thought it was kinda weird when : 
you mentioned it, but it’s actually tasty. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 114 


ME: It should be. I get it flown in from Mexico. (Okay, I know that 
sounds a little show-offy, but it was true. My tia, who lives in Mexico, 
sends it by mail and the mail takes a ride on a plane. Ipso facto, I get it 
flown in from Mexico.) 

(He looked a little impressed. And I looked a little more embarrassed, 
suddenly realizing that my brother was right, and I had an unnatural 
obsession with beef jerky. Oh Gabi, you are quite the catch. Sheesh.) 

ME: Anyway, should we get started on the poems? I’m almost done 
with the one about my dad. I just need a title and the last stanza needs 
some work. 

MARTIN: Okay. How about we switch them like we do in class? 

So we did. Martin’s poem was good, though not one of his best. I 
think my poem was better, but of course I didn’t tell him that. His was a 
pretty sad poem because it turns out his mom died when he was eleven, 
and the poem was about all the things he remembered about her—her 
voice, how she smelled, what she wore, etc. The reason that it wasn’t his 
best was because some of the words he used were too cliché: heart, soul, 
love, cascade. Those words are too overused in poems, and Ms. Abernard 
warned us against using them. Strangely enough, the poem I wanted 
to work on was about my dad dying because of his drug addiction, and 


I didn’t feel embarrassed sharing this with him. Martin said it was an 


sD he GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


“awesome” poem, and that I should definitely read it at The Grind Effect. 
I told him we should go together, and he should read “La Llorona.” He 
said we could go after Christmas break, and I said that would be super 
fun. And then he said, “Cool, it’s a date” with a big grin. And that’s when 
I just about lost it. A DATE! A DATE! I just agreed to a date with Martin 
Espada, my secret crush. 

We finished working on our poems around 10 p.m. Because my tia 
Bertha was still watching her novelas, she didn’t even notice or mind. 
And we actually did work. Who would have known that writing a poem 
would be so much work? And that I would actually use a thesaurus for 
something other than vocabulary flashcards? Something actually useful? 
I sure didn’t. Butit was worth it and I was happy with the finished product. 


Martin even helped me with the title. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 116 


IN LIGHT OF THE FEAR OF MY FATHER’S DEATH I WRITE THIS DOWN 


An occurrence 

occupies a space 

between thoughts 

lies prostrate professing something ” 
strange gurgles gurgle underground 
in a wasteland 

of waiting 

twiddling thumbs 

twiddle dee twiddle dee 

and tapping fingers 

tappity tappity tappity 

waiting for his collapse 

callous? 

maybe. 


But you don’t know my dad. 


He’s antagonized with life 
breathing causes anguish 
he spits in God’s face 

and waits for a reaction 
rejected 

not even God responds 

to his plea 


117 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Itis an act of faith 

that fathers him 

that sets a place 

at the table 

but 

what if faith forgets one day? 
what then, old man? 

where does that leave us? 


I write this down erratically 
fashioning fathoms phantoms 
half a leaque half a league 
and onward we trudge 

he grips my hand and forces 
the strike 

the keys click click away 

the pen whistles on the page. 
But he 

does not know this. 


Considering considerations of things 
and of spaces 

and traces of men 

masculinity and machos 

of springs and winters 

wasted and waiting 

and nothing again. 

Again I sound anticipatory. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 118 


But you don’t know my dad. 


He’s a pill popper 

a consuming alcoholic 

the daddy daddy 

that drifts from ae 
funny to mean 

and back again 

is back again. 


Guilt of gluttonous 

consumption 

on corners 

corners him. 

He evades questioning questions 
and dodges disagreements 

a refugee in refuge 

a reduction of 

my father the brave. 


I don’t want to 
write this down 


or speak it true. 


But you don’t know my dad. 


119 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


A man like this 
constructs time 

to wait 

and it waits 

a watered down vision 
volatile 

VICIOUS 

vehement in victory over existing or letting exist. 


It is not enough, 
his own breath 

to inhale 

he will take yours 
I’ve seen it happen 
just ask my mom. 


A cast set 

in iron or wood 
splintering 

cracking 

breaking 

not able to hold 

not able to hold at all. 


His words a rush of 
fire 

inflamed flesh 
that drips 


ISABEL QUINTERO 120. 


like 

Pollack 

against always against 
something. 

a canvas 

of pine ei 
of cedar 

of cherry or maple 
materials his hands 
have molded 

nailed 

built 

created 

erased 

eradicated. 


He is a beautiful man 

I mean that plainly. 

But what more can I say 
Iam his daughter. 


Distraught thoughts pound 
and endless guessing of what’s to come 


from the meth man. 


Honor thy father? 


121 GABI, A GIRL IN PIECES 


But you don’t know my dad. 


Addiction allows 
our arrival 

here 

to this 

space. 


This justified jest 

just what 

I needed to justify judgment 
to cast stones 

my finger pointed 

and aimed 

at the gut. 


Itis a bloody mess. 


But you don’t know my dad. 


December 25 


Christmas went surprisingly well. Every year I am afraid that something 
bad will happen like my foot being run over or my dad puking all over the 
presents (again) or our family getting dressed up to go somewhere and, as: 


we are walking out the door, my dad deciding that we’re not going after all 


ISABEL QUINTERO 122, 


because he doesn’t feel like it. Or us actually making it to our destination, 
but my dad saying “I'll wait in the car” which is code for I’ll-wait-in-the- 
car-until-you-guys~go-in-and-then-I'll-go-and-get-high. But this year, 
this year, everything was perfect. 

My dad didn’t even get high. We went to my tfo Humberto’s house. 
He's always a lot of fun to be around, except when he gets really drunk 
and wants to dance with me. I hate it when he does that because then 
my mom forces me to dance with him. She says, “No seas haci, he’s your 
uncle. Get up and dance with him.” Which is easy for her to say because 
she doesn’t have to deal with his drunk breath or horrible dancing 
(which is more like stomping on cucarachas than actual dancing). And 
it’s not like tio Humberto only wants to dance one song—oh no, he has 
to dance at least four or five and all of them with a beer in hand. 

But tio Humberto didn’t get super drunk this Christmas. I think it’s 
because he has a new wife who doesn’t put up with all that shit like his old 
wife did. Or maybe he’s just actually happy now. In any case, Christmas was 
great. We had a lot of tamales, bunuelos, and my favorite Christmas drink: 
ponche. I wish we would have ponche all year round. I love how the smell of 
boiling guavas, apples, tehocote, cinnamon, and sugar cane fill the house. 
I must have drunk like five mugs full. Just writing about it makes me want 


some more. Maybe if I ask my mom really nicely, shell make some. 


123 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


Mmmmm...ponche. 

We rocked baby Jesus at midnight on Christmas Eve (it was his birthday 
of course—it’s not all about tamales and ponche), said some prayers and 
then opened gifts. This year I got lotions from my tia Lourdes, one of those 
big bouncy exercise balls that older ladies use for flat abs from my tio 
(thanks for the hint), clothes that I picked out and wrapped from my mom 
and dad, a nice drawing from Beto and a box of chocolates from my cousin 
Lourdes (she knows me too well). The chocolate didn’t have a chance of 
making it home. I love Lourdes, I wish I could see her more often, but since 
she went off with her boyfriend to Texas, I only see her during holidays. 

We survived AND enjoyed Christmas—a rare occurrence in the 
Hernandez household. But I am grateful. Next up: New Year’s. My fingers 
are crossed because tia Bertha will be present. She didn’t come to tio 
Humberto’s because she doesn’t believe in our sinful ways and instead 
went to her little cult—I mean church—and celebrated the birth of Jesus 


with them. They probably sacrificed a goat and drank its blood. Ha! 


December 26 


I can’t believe what happened today. Cindy and Sebastian came over so 


we could all exchange gifts (we have to wait until the 26th since we can’t _ 


ISABEL QUINTERO 124 


see each other on Christmas because Christmas is family time at all our 
houses) and were in the middle of our third leftover bufiuelo when my 
mom said, “Gabi, te llego halgo. You have something in the mail.” Which 
was weird because I never get anything in the mail. So I went to see what 
she was talking about. F 

It was a medium-sized brown box. When I tore it open, there was 
another box inside, and so I tore that wrapping and uncovered a red gift 
box with a card on it. I got a nervous feeling in my stomach which was not 
bunuelo-related. 

“Who’s it from?” my mom, Sebastian and Cindy were eager to find out. 

The thing is, so was I. But I ad a feeling who the gift was from, and I 
wanted to open it in private so I could have my own true reaction without 
having to be embarrassed and harassed about details and “Why didn’t 
you tell us?” type questions. I opened the card and realized it wasn’t 
signed. The card had a picture of a jolly-lLooking Santa Claus on the cover, 
holding a sack of toys. On the inside it read, “Ho ho hope you have a Merry 
Christmas and Happy New Year!” It was very generic. 

“It’s not signed,” I said, a little disappointed. “I don’t know who 
it’s from.” 

“Lame,” Sebastian said. 


“Open the box! Open the box!” My comrades were anxious. 


Les GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


I opened the box and found a bizarre collection of things, none of 
which seemed to fit together, but all of it made me smile. There was 
citrus-flavored beef jerky, Scotchmallows, a purple T-shirt with a black 
stencil of Edgar Allen Poe’s face on the front with the word “Poet” 
beneath it (it looked totally homemade), a Moleskin notebook, some 
fancy gel pens, and a book of poems by Pablo Neruda. I couldn’t stop 
smiling. I still can’t stop smiling! The chismosos that were watching me 
open the gift were a little shocked. 

“Oh my gosh! You totally have a secret admirer!” Sebastian was really 
excited about the prospect. 

“A secret admirer that knows you a little too well. Sounds more like a 
stalker to me.” Beto had apparently been watching the scene unfold and 
had to ruin a perfectly good moment with a cynical observation. “How 
does this person know that you're freaking obsessed with beef jerky? And 
nasty ass chocolates? It sounds like you should be watching the bushes 
outside, making sure no one is standing there with binoculars or in your 
closet waiting for you.” 

“Thanks, Beto, always so positive.” 

“Ay mijo! Obviously, there’s a boy who likes your sister and cares 
about what she likes. Now imagine if she lost a little weight and took more ° 


care of herself, how many more boys would like her?” 


ISABEL QUINTERO 126 


Thanks, Mom, way to kill the buzz. I took my stuff to my room and 
Cindy, Sebastian and I finished opening our gifts. Cindy got me a box of 
Scotchmallows and a new pair of earrings with little blue owls on them. 

“Had I known Secret Lover Boy got you the chocolate, I wouldn't have.” 

“I can never have too much chocolaté, and I love the earrings! They 
will make the perfect addition to my collection,” I told Cindy. 

Sebastian gave me and Cindy the same gift: a framed picture of us 
outside my house. This was taken the day after we had all sent out our 
college applications, which is why we look so happy and relieved at the 
same time. In the picture you can tell that Cindy is pregnant. 

“I wanted each of us to have one. Then no matter where we go, we can 
take it with us so we don’t forget where we came from or what we’ve been 
through. And I know Cindy doesn’t like to have pictures with her pregnant belly 
showing, but you know what? Who cares! Everyone knows you're pregnant, and 
that’s part of your life now and part of our life. I don’t want us to be ashamed 
anymore (we all were crying by this point) of being pregnant or gay or poor or 
having a crackhead dad! I want us to be fucking proud of ourselves. This picture 
was taken right after we sent out our college apps—how many kids who are 
unpregnant, straight or rich can say that? Okay, maybe rich kids can, but who 
can say they did most of it on their own? Nota lot. So we have to be proud and 


always remember who we are and when we make it to college, who we were.” 


127 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


“Oh my God, Sebastian, you are so corny! I love you so much!” We all 
hugged like some lame group of kids in a scene from a stupid feel-good 
movie. But it was okay because we all were feeling pretty good, and I think 
we all really needed a hug. When they left, I opened the card again and 


looked at the back. On the back, in blue ink, Martin had written a haiku: 


Gabi green sea eyes 
siren softly calling me 
and deeply I fallin 


December 31 


New Year's Eve. My dad is missing. The beast has taken him, I am sure of 
it. Tam brought back down from my Martin-high to Gabi-reality. I guess 
having two happy holidays in a row, plus receiving an amazing Christmas 
gift from the boy I have a huge crush on, would have been too much of a 


good thing. And we can’t have that happening, now can we? 
January 2 


We picked up my dad at the hospital. Someone found him in the park 


bathroom. Thank God for good Samaritans even if they did steal his wallet. . 


ISABEL QUINTERO tes. 


January 10 


We came back to school today. I didn’t know how to act around Martin, for 
various reasons. 

ONE: I was 99.999999999999% sure it was’him who sent the package. 
BUT...what if it was some weird crazy stalker who was lurking around trying 
to find some fat-Mexican-teenage-writer-type to stalk, and he happened to 
come across me, and now he is lurking in the bushes, and one of these days 
he'll take me and throw me in a hole somewhere where other girls who look 
eerily like me will be whimpering and waiting for death in the same Edgar Allen 
Poe T-shirt that the creepo made? ! ran that scenario by Cindy, and she said I 
needed to stop watching so much Criminal Minds and that maybe I should focus 
on finding out who really sent the package. 

TWO: I wore the Edgar Allen Poe T-shirt today in the hopes that 
Martin would say something like, “You got my gift! I’m glad you liked it. 
Do you want to be my girlfriend? Maybe we could get some tortas?” And 
I would say, “I loved the gift! Yes, I’ll be your girlfriend! And I know of a 
really good torta place!” I didn’t run that scenario by anyone. 

But when I wore it, all he said was, “Nice T-shirt” and whether I was 
still up for going to the coffee shop. I said yes and he said, “Cool, you 


wanna go Friday with Lindsay and me?” 


129 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Fuck. Fuck. Fuck. 

Why would he send me this stupid T-shirt if he and Lindsay are making 
all sorts of poetry sex plans? Well, there was nothing I could do to save 
face except accept the invitation anyway. 

“Sure. Is it okay if I bring Cindy and Sebastian?” 

“Yeah! The more the merrier!” 

I asked Cindy and Sebastian if they wanted to go and both of them 
said yes. Cindy said she definitely would because she only had two more 
months before she was condemned to solitary confinement. 

I said, “No exageres. Relax, I’m sure there are plenty of baby-friendly 
places you can go to.” 

The rest of the day I felt bummed. And then each time I passed by a 
mirror or window, and I would see the T-shirt that could or could not be 
from Martin, I felt even shittier because I would remember how good I felt 
when I opened the box, and then I would remember how bad I felt when 
Martin exposed the torrid love affair he is having with Lindsay. 

Why does this fat girl have such bad luck with boys? Ugh. Time for a 


churro. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 130 


January 12 


My mom said I could go to the poetry reading on Friday with Cindy and 
Sebastian as long as I take my brother to his friend Epifanio’s house. 
Epifanio sounds like a strange first name for a’kid to have, but add Smith 
as a last name, and you totally blow peoples’ minds. I guess that’s what 
you get when you have a White dad and a Mexican mom who doesn't care 
what anyone else will think as long as the name of her father, grandfather, 
and great-grandfather is passed on. 

Epi (as he is known to the rest of the world) is nice enough, but I 
know for a fact that he, Miguel, and my brother still go around tagging. 
I’ve tried talking to my brother, but he says to mind my own business. 
What he doesn’t get is that he is my business. I know I am only like two 
years older than him, but I still worry about him. And I worry about my 
mom and the stress he would put on her if he were to get arrested again. 
Why can’t he think about that? I mean she is pregnant, after all. 

Not to mention the wrath that would rain down from tia Bertha. 
I already had to listen to her go on about the poetry reading and how 
horrible it is that I’m going. She says that a nice young woman does not 
expose her thoughts like that to the public. That writing is something 


that only men should do, like going to college. She still hasn't wrapped 


134 GABI, A GIRL IN PIECES 


her head around the fact that I am going to college (I hope). She said 
that what I should be doing is losing weight and learning how to cook 
and clean so I can catch a good husband. I don’t ask her why, if she has 
followed her own wonderful man-getting-advice, she wasn’t able to keep 
her own husband and insists on sleeping with someone else’s—even if he 
was her husband first. I feel like saying “Como chinga con eso! It’s not 
like you’re Miss America, Tia,” but I imagine I would get slapped in the 
face so I don’t use those kinds of words when addressing my aunt. I swear, 
sometimes my life feels like it’s straight out of a telenovela. 

All I need to have happen is to find out that this family took me 
in when my rich mother abandoned me on the doorstep of this house 
because she had had an sta with the butler, and her family said she had 
to get rid of me, or she would be disowned. But that will never happen—I 
look too much like my mom for that even to be a possibility. 

I'm still feeling bad about Martin and Lindsay. The worst part is that 
since I haven't told Sebastian or Cindy about my liking Martin, I really have 
no one to talk to about it. I think Ill tell them tomorrow. I don’t know why 
I haven't told them, I guess it’s just something that I wanted to keep for 


myself. A secret for me. Wow, that sounds really lame. Good job, Gabi. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 132 


January 14 (actually January 15th ata ridiculously 
early time in the morning) 


I was So wrong, so wrong, so super wrong, about the situation between 
Martin and Lindsay. I have to start from.the beginning so that when I 
reread this journalin my old age, I will look back and laugh at how dumb 
I was. 

Thursday in the morning, I told Sebastian and Cindy about my crush on 
Martin, and they were like, “We know. We were just waiting for you to tell 
us.” Lasked them how they knew, and they said that it was obvious because 
I was always talking about how great his poetry was and saying things like, 
“You should’ve heard what Martin said in class today, it was hilarious,” or 
“Martin’s poem about the trees rustling in the wind was really profound,” 
and other ridiculous things like that. 

I had to think about what they said for a little bit, and then I laughed 
really hard because when I thought about my conversations with my friends 
in the last few weeks, the majority were Martin-related. AND...both of them 
suspected that he had been the one who sent the Christmas box. 

Sebastian said, “Only he would send such a corny gift.” AND Cindy said 
she ran into him at See’s Candies when she was buying my Scotchmallows, 


and he too was buying Scotchmallows. 


133 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


“The only problem is,” I said, “that I don’t know if he was the one 
who sent the gift because he asked me to go to the poetry reading first 
as a date, and then he said he was going with Lindsay. What kind of date 
would that be?” 

“Lindsay?! I totally thought she was super nice and sweet! What a 
two-faced bitch!” Cindy did not hold anything in. 

I love having friends who have my back, even though it means judging 
someone on something we are not too sure about. 

“I know. Me too, but I guess we were wrong.” 

We spent the afternoon talking about the not-nice things that Lindsay 
had done, like laugh at Sebastian when he was eating a hot dog a little too 
sexy, and he started heli: Although we all laughed at the time, now 
we realized it could have gotten ugly, and wouldn’t it have been a strange 
thing to have to explain to teachers and paramedics: “Our friend Sebastian 
was demonstrating that he could shove a big sausage much further down 
his throat than his friend Cindy, and that’s what caused him to suffocate 
on said hot dog.” Yeah, it would have been totally embarrassing. I felt bad 
for talking about Lindsay like that because she had always been super nice 
to me and always gave me good comments on my poems, but I felt like it 
was the Sandra and Joshua Moore situation all over again. I went home, ° 


did my homework, ate some leftover caldo de res (twice because my mom’s 


ISABEL QUINTERO 134 


beef stew is the best), took a shower and went to sleep. I didn’t even feel 
like writing in my journal. 

The next day (technically yesterday), Martin was excited about going 
to the poetry reading...and so was Lindsay. I tried to pretend like I was 
too, but the truth was I didn’t feel like going anymore. During poetry class, 
Martin and Lindsay came and sat next to me and started making plans. 

“So I can pick you, Cindy and Sebastian up if you want. Iam taking my 
mom’s van, and it seats seven people. Lindsay will be going to my house, 
and so she'll be with me when we leave.” 

“Sounds good,” I said, “Except that I told my mom that I would drop 
my brother off at his friend’s house, so I guess I'll have to take my car.” 

“Where does he live?” 

“Over off Fifth and Oleander.” 

“Well, that’s on our way. I can drop him off.” 

“Okay, that’s cool. If you really don’t mind.” What else could I say? 

At 7:30, Martin picked us up. Lindsay was sitting up in the front and 
offered me her seat, but I said it was okay. We dropped off Beto and headed 
towards The Grind Effect. When we got to the coffeehouse, there was a group 
of college kids hanging around, smoking and drinking really black-looking 
coffee. My anxiety level went way up. I don’t know what I expected, but I 


guess Martin sensed that I was feeling super anxious and held my hand. 


135 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


HELD MY HAND! 

He said that I would be fine and not to worry. My head started 
spinning, and I didn’t know what to say except, “Won't Lindsay be mad if 
she sees you holding my hand?” 

To which he replied, “What? Why? She’s gonna meet her boyfriend 
here, and my aunt asked if I could bring her.” 

They're cousins! Iam such an idiot. After that, I felt a bit more relaxed 
until I saw that Ms. Abernard was walking up to us. 

“You made it!” Martin was not surprised to see her here. 

“You knew she was coming?” I asked. 

“Tinvited her.” He was smiling. 

“Are you poets ready?” Ms. Abernard asked. 

“I guess so. I'ma little nervous.” 

“You'll be fine, Gabi. Don’t worry.” She reassured me. But I was not 
SO sure. 

The area where we were about to read was underground. The lights 
were dim. Red couches lined the walls and there were plastic folding 
chairs for the people who arrived late. First up to the mic was a college 
girl talking about sex (which—guess what?—was super awkward to listen 
to since our teacher was sitting next to us) and then it was some guy - 


with a poem about weed (more awkward moments) and before Martin 


ISABEL QUINTERO ce 


was some hippie-looking guy with a didgeridoo. I didn’t even know 
what a didgeridoo was until he brought out this really long horn thing 
and started playing music on it—if you call that music. Which I don’t. It 
sounded more like a whale in a lot of pain than a song. Martin went up, 
and he read his poem about his mom and éveryone cheered. Some people 
even cried. I was one of them. 

I was up next. I almost didn’t want to go up. I was really nervous. 
Finally I got up, and I read the poem about my dad. My hands started 
shaking as soon as I stepped to the mic, but then something happened 
about two stanzas in. I got so lost in the poem—and in getting all the 
emotions out that came with it—that I forgot where I was. Cindy and 
Sebastian were surprised and proud. They told me they would try never to 
make fun of poetry again. 

Afterwards, Ms. Abernard said, “You were great up there, Gabi. Never 
stop writing. You have a gift that many would like to have. Don’t ever give 
up on your writing, it would be a waste.” 

I told her that I wouldn’t. By the end, it didn’t seem too weird to 
be sitting at a coffee shop with our teacher. She almost seemed like a 
regular person. 

Almost. 


Lindsay went home with her boyfriend so after Martin dropped Cindy 


13/7 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


and Sebastian off, he took me home. All we could talk about was the 
reading and all the weird college kids. Iasked him to stop at the stop sign 
near the elementary school around the corner from our house. I couldn't 
help myself, and I leaned over and kissed him. I KISSED HIM. I broke one 
of the cardinal rules of being a girl. Again. I didn’t wait for the boy to 
make the first move. He was shocked, just like Eric had been. I waited 
for his reaction. He leaned over and kissed me back. It was the best kiss 
ever. Better than kissing Eric and probably one hundred times better than 
kissing Joshua Moore would have ever been. 

“Ummm. So, yeah.” He smiled. 

“Sorry, I couldn't help it. I’d wanted to do that for a long time, and if 
we had kissed in front of my house, my mom would be watching through 
the curtains, anu [didn’t feel like getting yelled at.” 

“Don't apologize. Please. I had been waiting a long time for that kiss 
too. Waiting since before you went out with Eric and before Joshua Moore 
asked you out.” 

I felt my face turn red. “Uhhh...,” was all that would come out of 
my throat. 

“So...uhhhh...would you...like to be my...novia?” 

I laughed a little. I hardly ever heard Martin speak Spanish so it was ° 


cute to hear him. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 138 


“Yes. I would love to be your girlfriend, Martin Espada.” 

And we kissed a little bit longer until a car came up behind us and 
honked. 

He dropped me off a few hours ago, but I still can’t sleep. Can't stop 
smiling. It has been the best day of my life. The best part was the poetry. I 
mean kissing Martin was a close second, but nothing could beat the high that 
reading poetry gave me. Ever since Ms. Abernard had us memorize “anyone 
lived in a pretty how town” by e.e. cummings that first week of school, my 


life changed. I’m going to write a poem about it. I have to get it out. 


POETRY READING 


Hands shaking 

fast talking 

speaking 

reciting 

these exciting words 

in that underground coffee shop 
with the older crowd 
who are cooler than me. 
Cindy snaps the shot 
the flash threw me off 

I smile and hesitate 
start again. 


139 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


Offer it up for sale there 
my fat girl words 

in my fat girl world 

take it I say, 

you want it? 

I got it here for you, 

all of this for all of you. 
Spitting words 

saliva dripping down my chin now from all that speaking. 
Poetry is a nasty, dirty business. 
Poetry makes you sweat, 

each word you write is like that 
first kiss you dreamed of 

and Iimagine 

the first time you have sex. 


Ms. Abernard got me hooked. 

Old hippie lady 

long gray hair 

big round glasses 

flowing skirts 

who smokes in her car at lunch 

the stench permanent on her home knitted sweaters. 
She taught me about e.e cummings— 

that dead white guy changed my life. 

Before him it was rhyme rhythm rhyme 

it was punctuation 

capital letters and teachers saying, “THIS is a poem.” 


ISABEL QUINTERO 140 : 


“anyone lived in a pretty how town” 

she says, read it, memorize it, and we will discuss it next week. 
It was all wrong. 

all lower case(even his name!) 

Now I sleep with cummings 

dream in words ze 

think in meter 

and spit up ink. 


I can’t stop writing. 

I write about trees. 

I write about love. 

I write about my brother. 
I write about me. 

I write about my mom. 

I write about my dad. 


And it helps. 


Poetry helps heal wounds. 
Makes them tangible. 


At the poetry reading I read 


a poem. 
A prophecy I wrote down. 


141 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Almost couldn’t go through with it. 


But it came out 
hurried and hot 

and by the end 

my tongue was on fire. 


January 17 


Going to school this morning knowing that Iam Martin’s girlfriend feels so 
good. But I don’t know what that will be like. WilLit be like dating Eric? My 
feelings for Martin are different (Ithink). What does he expect of me? What 
should I expect of him? What should I expect out of myself? Am I thinking 


about it too much? Probably. I need to chillax and go with the flow. 


After school... 

It was an awesome day. I can’t believe that a few months ago I was 
all upset over some stupid guy who didn’t really care about me. I told 
Cindy and Sebastian what happened when Martin dropped me off. They of 
course were excited for me. At lunch we all sat together and talked about 
the coffee shop and how the college kids weren’t embarrassed to talk 
about sex in public. I mean it’s one thing to joke about it with your friends : 


but a totally different thing to talk about it in front of strangers. I have 


ISABEL QUINTERO 142 


no problem talking about sex with Cindy and Sebastian. Like Sebastian 
told us about how he practically had sex with Pedro. Well, I guess he did 
because going down on someone probably counts as sex. Although I think 
that’s pretty gross. I mean guys pee from there! Ewww! I told Sebastian 
that, and he just laughed at me. Cindy says she really can’t remember 
what happened with German. She says she remembered it hurt but that it 
felt good too and that it didn’t take as long as you see in the movies, and 
it wasn’t as neat and clean as you see in the movies either. 

Sometimes I hate being a virgin. I hate not being able to share things 
too. I think that Martin could be my first. I really, really, like him. But I don’t 
know. Whatif he thinks I’m too fat to look at naked? I mean [think I’m too fat 
to look at naked. Jiggly bits and pieces. Too many rolls. My legs are thin, butI 
wish my thighs didn’t touch. Ugh. I need to do something about this weight. 


I have to go. Dinner time. And then homework. Too much homework. 
January 23 


It’s my birthday today! I turned eighteen. Cindy and Sebastian came over 
to celebrate. And so did Martin. My mom made me my favorite: sopes. I 
love sopes. There’s something so satisfying about the thick little tortilla- 


like discs, topped with carnitas, lettuce, sour cream, queso fresco, and my 


143 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


mom’s super spicy green salsa. Cindy, of course, did not have green salsa. 
Neither did my mom because they apparently get heartburn because of 
the alien inside of them. 

My mom bought my cake from a lady up the street who makes the best 
cakes in the world. They are so moist and delicious that it doesn’t matter 
that she hasn’t been approved by the city health inspector. Beto came out 
of his room and had sopes and cake with us. He even got me a present—a 
new journal to write in which he had “decorated” with all sorts of graffiti. 
It is actually really beautiful. I could tell he took a lot of time on it. It 
meant a lot to me. Cindy got mea really nice pen with my name engraved 
onitand a line from my favorite Sylvia Plath poem, “Lady Lazarus:” “And I 
eat men like air.” She said, “I wanted to get the whole stanza on there, but 
it was too expensive.” Sebastian’s gift was a framed picture of me at the 
poetry reading. He had each person who was there write a note and put it 
behind the picture. Even Ms. Abernard wrote a note. 

“I know it’s another picture, but I thought that this one would be 
Special just for you.” 

Then I opened Martin’s gift. It was an autographed book by Sandra 
Cisneros. SandraFREAKINGCisneros. It was signed to me! It was her 
coilection, Loose Woman, and it said, “To La Gabi, on the loose!” I just ° 


about wet myself. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 144 — 


“How did you get this?!” I think I shouted. 

“Well, last week she was at my cousin’s college, and I asked him if he 
could get it for me, and he did. Ithought you would wantit. Don’t worry, I 
would have given it to you even if you had decided not to be my girlfriend. 
I’m glad you like it.” : 

My dad is home, looking really bad, but at least he’s home. He gave 
me a hug, and I could feel his ribs. Then he handed me a small box. In 
the box were two things: the first was an itty bitty doll. Ever since I can 
remember, my dad has been bringing me quarter-sized dolls from who 
knows where. I have them all saved on a shelf in my room. It’s a strange 
little collection to have, but they’re cute so I’ve kept them all. Also, they 
remind me that he still thinks of me. The second thing was a gold necklace 
with a little pink-gold-topped golden cupcake. Where this came from I 
don’t know and didn’t ask. My last gift was from my mom. It was a cell 
phone!!!! I am so excited! I have once again entered the 21st century. 
She said that I couldn’t use it to make long-distance calls (I don’t know 
anyone long-distance), and if I went over my minutes I'd be in deep shit. 
Well, she didn’t say deep shit but the Spanish version of deep shit. I was so 
happy, I ate another sope. As a matter of fact, the food was so good, even 
my tia Bertha came out of hibernation. 


She’s been locked up in her room, super bummed because her novio/ 


145 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


ex-husband Tony told her she couldn’t come see him anymore because 
his new wife is pregnant, and he doesn’t want to ruin that relationship. I 
overheard her telling my mom and dad last week when I was supposed to 
be asleep. I heard the door open at like 2 a.m., and it was her. My mom 
told her that that’s what happens when you sleep with someone else’s 
husband. And that “eso” (which is code for “sex”) is all that men want 
from you. And once they get it, then you are worthless to them, and 
they don’t want you for anything and then, “Ya no sirve uno para nada.” 
Nobody is going to want you now. 

That was hard to hear—my mom really thinks that all of our worth 
is between our legs. Once a man has access to that, then we are worth 
nothing, and there is no dials for us. I wonder if that is why my mom is 
so unhappy. Does she think that since she slept with my dad and never got 
married (at least in the Catholic church) that she is stuck with him for the 
rest of her life? That no one else would want her? That is really sad. There 


are several questions I want to ask my mom. I madea list of them. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 146 


QUESTIONS I WOULD LIKE TO ASK MY MOTHER BUT AM 
AFRAID TO BECAUSE SHE WILL PROBABLY THINK I AM: A) 
BAD, B) WHITEWASHED, AND/OR C) ALL OF THE ABOVE. 


Do I have to get married to be happy? 


¥ 


If I like girls instead of boys, will you still love me? 
How old were you when you had sex for the first time? 
and 


a. Were you scared? 

b. Did it hurt? 

c. Were you pressured? 

d. Did you feel ashamed? 

e, Was it with someone you loved? 

f. How did you know you were ready? 

g. If you weren’t ready, why did you do it? 

h. Weren’t you embarrassed taking your clothes off? 
i. Did you feel fat? 

j. Did it feel good? 

k. Did you bleed? 

L. Did you still talk to the boy afterwards? 

m. How many boys or men have you slept with? 
n. Do you regret any of it? 

o. If Itouch myself, will I go to Hell? 


147 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Why do you tell me that sex is bad, but you tell my brother | 


to use a condom? 


Why do you teach me to be independent but tell me that 


I need a man? 
What if I don’t want children? 


If I don’t like beans, does that mean I am not Mexican 


enough? 
Why are you always telling me to lose weight if you don’t? 


Why do you always compare me to other girls like 


Sandra? 


Do you know that every time you point out how much 


weight I have to lose, I love myself less? 


Do you know that when I try to talk to you, you never 


listen? 


If I do not like makeup or dresses, does that make me 


less of awoman? 


If you think Iam so smart, why do you think I will make 
Stupid choices? 


ISABEL QUINTERO 148: 


Why do you think you are weak if it has been you that 
kept our family together? 


How will I know when I’m a woman? 


I think my mom needs to read Sandra Cisneros’ poetry. Especially her 
poem “Loose Woman.” That’s the kind of woman I want to be when I grow 


up. That's the kind of woman I wish my mom saw herself as. 
January 26 


Algebra II is kicking my butt again. I am barely pulling a C. If I don’t 
pass this stupid class, I can say good-bye to college. Martin tells me not 
to worry, that I can do it. That’s easy for him to say because he’s a math 
genius (especially for a word guy), but for this fat girlit’s like eating soy ice 
cream—completely unbearable. Okay, well, math isn’t that hard, but it’s 
boring. I hate it. Sebastian said he’d tutor me and I’m going to take him up 
on his offer. I’m going to ask him if we can go tomorrow after school. We 
could go to Pepe’s House of Wings and have some wings. I love wings. Sigh. 

Now that I have my phone, I can text anyone anytime I want to, 
although I kind of miss the old landline. But I guess this is better because 
I don’t miss my mom listening in on my conversations. On Fridays, I stay 


up late and talk to Martin until like 3 or 4 in the morning. Once or twice, 


149 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


I've heard my mom come towards my door, and I’ve had to hide my phone 


under my pillow with my beef jerky. It’s worth it though. 
January 27 


Worst study session ever. Sebastian was awesome—he is a human 
calculator and has the patience of a saint, but I should have picked 
somewhere else to study. I was overwhelmed by the lemon pepper 
goodness that is the lemon pepper wing, and so me and Sebastian just 
ended up ordering a bunch of wings and calling Cindy to join us. Then we 
bought a pizza and each of us ate a slice of flan. Pepe’s House of Wings is 
an eclectic mix of Mexican and Italian and wings (whatever they are). My 


test isn’t until next week so we have some time to study. 
February 3 


This would be the part of the movie where the father dies, and the 
daughter loses control, and she goes on a self-destructive rampage, 
sleeping around and using drugs (like her father), always searching for 
what she lost when she was just a teen. But this is not a movie. This is 
flesh and blood. It is slow motion. I cannot move. I float above myself: 


and get an aerial view of the tragic end. In a corner of our garage, my 


ISABEL QUINTERO 150 


father had found refuge chasing something that he would never find 
again. He is slumped. Pipe in hand. Tip broken. A reddish residue had 
made a beautiful pattern in what is left of the glass. My first thought was, 
“Dad, are you okay?” I think I spoke those words out loud to him. But of 
course he wasn’t okay. He didn’t answer. Didn’t move. Fear consumed 
me. I had dreamed this very scene many times before. Sometimes even 
hoped for it to happen in those moments of despair when I was wanting 
to know where my dad was even if it meant that he was gone. But in 
those brief moments, it wasn’t like this. I had imagined relief. But this 
is nothing like relief. I see myself standing over him for such a long time 
that my feet grew roots next to the washing machine. I heard something 
say, “Move, Gabi, move.” I ripped my feet from the ground and knelt next 
to my dad and shook him. My father. My papi. But he was gone. 

I reach in my pocket, pull out my phone, dial 911. 

“911. What is your emergency?” 

I cannot speak. I’ve gone numb. 

“911. What is your emergency?” 

I know I have to answer but can’t. 

“Are you okay? What is your emergency?” 

Finally, words fall out of my mouth. 


“My father is dead.” 


151 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


“Excuse me?” 

“He overdosed. ” 

“What is your location?” 

“8767 N. George Street. Santa Maria. We’re in the garage.” 

“T will transfer you to the Santa Maria Fire Department. Please hold.” 

After the call, I sit there. Holding my dad’s other hand—the one 
without the broken glass. I haven’t held his hand since I was a little girl. 
And now I realize if I had gone into the garage earlier to do my laundry, 
like I had planned...if I hadn’t decided to watch the stupid novela with tia 
Bertha...ifI had been there earlier, my dad would be alive. His hand was still 
warm. I don’t remember that I haven’t told my mom until the paramedics 
arrive. She is confused sien they show up, and then she’s not. She breaks 
down, andI think she screams and cries but sounds are muffled. Tia Bertha 
holds her and holds herself together. She has imagined this scenario also, 
but I’m sure it didn’t feel like this to her either. Someone moves my dad 
and pulls my hand away. I sit there. They try to revive him. Rip his shirt 
open. Do everything possible. I want to scream, “It’s no use! He’s dead! My 
dad is dead!” Instead I turn away. Beto is at the door. Istare up at him. He 
sits down next to me, and we cry. Holding each other like when my parents 


would fight, and we wanted to feel safe. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 152 


February 4 
Autopsy. 
February 6 a.” 


Wake. Awake. A wake. What does that mean? No one is awake. Especially 
not my dad. There was a box and a body in it. I forced myself to look inside 
the box. Even after my mom told me I shouldn’t. But I didn’t want to 
remember him the way he was in the garage. Some day, I will find the 
mortician who fixed my dad up and thank him. The body resembled my 
dad, but it was like an old version of my dad. There was color in his face, 
more brown and less yellow. His long black hair was tied into a very neat 
pony tail and tucked in behind him. I hadn’t seen his hair combed for 
months. No long homeless-man beard, no mustache. I touch his hands. 
I shouldn’t have. No dirt under fingernails. There was an earring I had 
forgotten about in his left ear. The scars from all the scratching, barely 
visible underneath the makeup. Rotted teeth hidden, somehow his mouth 
seemed full. The clothes were clean but too large for the man wearing 
them. It was an old white suit I had seen in a photograph my mom has 
from an anniversary dinner years ago. I almost wanted to laugh. Really, 


who buys a white suit? My mom does. He hated the suit, said it made him 


tas GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


look like he was about to have his first communion. But he wore it that one 
time for my mom, swore he would never wear it again. “Ni muerto.” Those 


were his exact words—not even dead. 
February 7 


The funeral was surreal. At the service, we were asked to say some things 
about my dad. About his life. So I tried. 

“My father was born in Sonora, Mexico in 1972. He came to this 
country to make a better life for himself and my mother. He worked with his 
hands and was very smart. He could have been an engineer. Ora doctor. Or 
an inventor. He was funny and kind and always willing to help someone. If 
your car was broken on the side of the road, my dad would stop and help 
you. Even if my mom got mad. In fourth grade, when I tried to make my 
mission out of sugar cubes and realized—only too late— that when you 
put glue on the cubes they would dissolve, my dad went to his truck, took 
out some tools and wood and helped me build a better one. He knew about 
cars, construction, and plumbing. He was the best whistler I’ve ever met. 
And yes, he was a drug addict. And yes, he overdosed. Let’s not pretend 
_ this is something it is not: that we are here because my dad lived a long 


happy life. Because that would be a lie and an insult to my dad. He did 


ISABEL QUINTERO 154 


not live very long, and he was rarely happy, at least recently. But that 
doesn’t mean he was a bad man. He was a very good man who made very 
bad choices that ended up killing him. There are many people sitting here 
today who took advantage of my father’s kindness, of his giving spirit. 
Who knew he was an addict and took advantage of him. You know who you 
are. I bet you’re feeling guilty or sorry so I won't say anything else about 
that, except that it’s a bit too late for guilt or apologies. He’s dead. And 
I miss him. I miss his jokes and his guitar playing and his hugs. I want—” 

I couldn’t tell the people listening what I wanted. I burst into tears 
and ran. Ran down the street and kept running until I found the spot, 
curled into a ball and cried. In the evening when the stars still came out, 
and the moon crept through cracks in the ceiling, and cars drove by, and 
the neighbor kids played tag in the street as if nothing had happened, 
as if nothing had changed, my brother dragged me out and locked the 
garage door. 


I don’t think I'll ever get out of bed again. 
February 10 


Tia Bertha walked out the door. Tired and a little older. More worn out than 


when she arrived. Prayers didn’t work their magic. The flaming tongues of 


HOO GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


the Holy Spirit failed her. Had God taken back her gifts?, she wonders. Her 
faith is in limbo. She could not save her little brother. 
“Maybe this is punishment for what I’ve done with that man. Maybe it 


was really a sin.” Just like my tia to believe that God only thinks about her. 
February 12 


“Ya parate! Get up!” Mom banged on my door. Opened it. Sat on my bed 
and waited until I turned around. Her eyes were red. I haven’t thought 
about her once. About the baby that’s on the way. A baby who will never 
know our father. Never know anything but that he overdosed. I haven't 
thought about Beto. Cindy and Sebastian went to the funeral and came 
to see me a few times but left after we sat in silence for more than an 
hour. Martin also came. I didn’t feel like seeing him. I guess I am bad 
after all. My dad died, but I never thought about how he was my mother’s 
husband. The person who knew her best, the person who she married in 
a small church in a small town in another country. Who helped her cross 
the border through hills and migra and dogs and rivers. Who taught 
her to drive. The person who she was supposed to live with forever was 
~ beginning to rot in a hole three blocks away. And we can’t do anything 


about it. “Ya estuvo bien. That’s enough. We can’t stay in bed.” Then she 


ISABEL QUINTERO 156 


says what I didn’t want to hear. What I was hiding from. “Tomorrow you 
go to school.” “I can’t, Mom. I can’t. I hurt. Me duele. Todo me duele.” 
I cry again because it’s true, everything hurts. She holds me. I am five 
again. Crying on my mother’s lap. Knowing if she holds me, things will get 
better. Beto comes in. He says something for the first time since I found 
our father in the garage. “Laying in bed won’t bring him back. Stop being 
stupid. And get up. That’s enough, Gabi. That’s enough. We have to get 
up.” Mom holds us together as we both fall apart. 


Where do we go from here? 
February 13 


Never having experienced popularity in any shape or form, having eyes on 
me was unnatural. Annoying. Cindy and Sebastian were my wall at school 
today. They protected me, deflected questions meant to hurt. Stupid 
questions like, “Is it true you found your dad?” and “How do you feel?” 
“Well, just peachy. Found my dad overdosed in a corner in our garage, 
pipe still in hand. I feel superb. Never better. What kind of stupid fucking 
question is that? Are you an idiot?” But my real answer is always, “Good.” 
Most people don’t know what to say (the best thing would be nothing), 


and I forgive them. But Georgina, who is queen of the idiots and therefore 


15/7 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


not “most people,” makes a comment only the queen of the idiots would 
make—“I didn’t know your dad was a crackhead.” Before Cindy could say, 
“Shut the fuck up, you stupid bitch!” (which she had started to say), I 
slapped Little Payasa. Hard. My hand left my side before I could tell it to 
stop. Luis, the security guard, saw it all and turned his back to us. No one 
said anything as I walked away. Luis had known my dad since he had come 
to this country twenty years ago when they both worked at a warehouse 
as security guards. I felt relief. Who would have known? All it took was 


slapping someone in the face. 
February 18 


I forget and wait for him to come home. I dial his phone. The number you 
have dialed is no longer in service. Please hang up and try again. I listen to 
his voicemails. Just to hear his voice. The one from my birthday last year 
when he was doing really good. The one when he forgot where that street 
was in that city where he had a new job. The one from a few months ago 
when he called and left a funny song. The one from a month ago asking 
for money. The one from a few weeks ago saying he was sorry, crying, and 
asking for more money. All of them. Ijust want a piece of him—even ifthe | 


piece is in sound. 


[ISABEL QUINTERO 158 


Martin says that eventually I have to move on. I have to be there for 
my mom and for my brother. And for myself. He says that when his mom 
died, he stopped talking for two months, and he would sneak out of his 
room at night and watch videos of her. But that slowly life moved on. 
And he had to do things because he thought that maybe his mom was 
a ghost and that she would be really upset with him if he didn’t do his 
homework or clean up his room. He learned to be a good person because 
he had a fear of upsetting his mom’s ghost. I told him I was sorry that 
I was so mean to him, and he said that I didn’t have to apologize. That 
everyone grieves in their own way. Grieve: a word that I never thought 


would apply to me. 
February 22 


My teachers have all been extra nice and have let me turn in my work 
late. Should I even care about school anymore? Is that fair? How is doing 
schoolwork at a time like this grieving? Martin has convinced me that it’s 
important. Cindy and Sebastian both said, “Don’t be ridiculous. What 
are you going to do? How would becoming a super senior make things 
better?” They’re right, it definitely wouldn’t make things better. 


None of my poor teachers, however, know what to say or do. So, 


159 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


instead of addressing the ghost of the meth man in the room, they ignore 
it. Now there’s an awkwardness in all our conversations. I bet most of - 
them have not had to deal with those realities. I bet my dad probably 
asked one of them for money in one of their fancy shopping centers. 
Or maybe he was kicked off one of their nice little streets by the police. 
No one addresses that ghost except Ms. Abernard. She tells me to write 
about it, that writing helps, that her dad killed himself—shot himself in 
the head—when she was fifteen. “And if I can survive that, Gabi, you can 
do it better. But you need to write. Don’t let your anger and sadness sit.” 
She breaks the school rules—and hugs me as I cry all the tears I’ve been 


trying to hold back at school. 
February 23 


I don’t know if I can write anymore. I want to lift my pen, but it’s heavy. 
Almost like the tip is chained to my desk. I think about the poem I wrote 
for my dad and wonder if it’s true what I wrote. Did my dad really want 
to die? Were we not enough for him? Was this world not enough? Or was 
it too much? I try to remember happy memories with him. Riding on the 
back of a horse, him teaching me to ride a bike or him letting me paint the 


dollhouse he built for me. But even those memories are tainted by words 


ISABEL QUINTERO 160 


my mom says or by the things I leave out and then remember I left out. I 
still cry myself to sleep. Cindy and Sebastian have been the best friends 
I could ever ask for, but I know they can’t understand what it feels like to 
lose your parent. Sure, Sebastian doesn’t talk to his dad but not because 
he’s turning to dust a few blocks away. It’s notthe same. Even Georgina’s 
stupid ass apologized for being so stupid. But I didn’t apologize back. 
That would have been hypocritical. I will though. I really shouldn't have 


slapped her in the face. 
February 24 
Trying to write at least a piece of a poem everyday. 


Roses are red 

violets are blue 

sugar is sweet 

and now you have diabetes. 


February 27 


It’s getting close to Cindy’s due date. I didn’t think it would actually 
happen. I mean, obviously it had to happen, but I guess I hadn’t imagined 


how real this would be. It’s strange how time keeps going on. My dad died, 


161 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


but babies are still being born. Cindy’s gotten so big she can barely walk. 
She has to do independent study now because she’s tired all the time, sol 
don’t get to see her at school anymore. I try to stop by and see her at least 
three times a week though and give her allthe aiden of what’s been going 
on at school. Like how Georgina got caught having sex in the emergency 
exit stairway with none other than Joshua Moore (who seems to really 
get around), and her parents had to go pick her up. How embarrassing! 
I would have loved to have been a fly on the wall to watch it all go down. 
Not to watch Georgina and Joshua do the wild monkey dance but to watch 
them getting caught. Although I feel a little sorry for Georgina. Her dad 
is an asshole. I should say, “Well, now she'll know what she put Cindy 
through,” but being treated as a pariah is not something that anyone 
deserves—especially for having sex because everybody does it. It sounds 
cliché, but sex is a natural human function. I mean we shouldn’t do it with 
everyone, but maybe it isn’t as bad as parents make it seem. But what do 
I know, I’m just a virgin. Both Joshua and Georgina were suspended for a 
few days, but what could the school really do? They’re also not supposed 
to be talking to each other—ha! Like that’s going to happen. Adults are 
incredibly naive sometimes. “Ojos abiertos, piernas cerradas.” It sounds 
so simple. But it’s not. Maybe when my mom was young, no one had these 


feelings between their legs that are supposed to be forbidden. Maybe 


ISABEL QUINTERO 162 


they did just speak to each other from opposite sides of the fence or ona 
porch under the watch of eagle-eyed chaperones. Fat chance. That sounds 
like another unlikely adult-constructed scenario. Because if that was the 
case, there wouldn’t be so many young parents or parents who have never 
been married or divorced or kids in foster carer Young people have always 
had sex. But no adult will admit it. They set up rules about how we should 
behave without realizing that sometimes it doesn’t matter what they say. 
If we want to have sex, we will—at night in the back of some car or in the 


middle of third period on the emergency exit stairway. 
February 28 


Beto. My brother. I love him. He used to say he hated my dad, but I knew 
it was bullshit. Last night, or this morning actually, he got home drunker 
than a mother. He had thrown up all over the one shoe that was left, had 
a busted lip and a black eye. A loud banging on the door woke us up, and 
when we opened the door there was Beto. Lying on the ground. My heart 
stopped when I saw all the blood on his face. I felt a panic attack coming 
on. And then it was too late. I started hyperventilating and crying. My 
mom just about lost her mind. It took me a while to calm down, and 


when I finally did I realized he was breathing, and I dragged him inside. 


163 GABI, A GIRLIN PIECES 


He started heaving. When I realized he was going to throw up again, I 
brought the trash can and put his face in it. 

“Why he’d do it, Gabi?” He was slurring, but I knew what he was 
asking. “Why?” 

“I don’t know, Beto.” I had learned that there is no such thing as 
having a meaningful conversation with an intoxicated person. The whole 
time my mom sat slumped on the couch. When she saw that I had a handle 
on things, she went back to bed. Her feet dragging, our unborn sibling 
weighing her down. 

HAIKU FOR MY MOTHER 
What is left now that 


The hungriest one is gone? 
Only heartache soup. 


March 1 


My brother’s shenanigans sent my mother into labor a month ahead of 
schedule. After I showered and put my brother to bed, I was so tired I 
knocked out immediately. I must have been in a deep-Mr. Sandman- 
induced-sleep because it took my mom smashing her favorite vase against 
the living room wall to wake me up. My mom and Beto must of been at it 


for a while because, by this juncture, my mom looked like she was ready 


ISABEL QUINTERO 164 


to smack him. And then she did. Over and over again her closed fist came 
down on my brother, who was trying to burrow deep into the wall where 
the vase had hit, hands covering his face. My mother, with her long hair 
flailing to the rhythm of her desperate beating, must have forgotten 
she was pregnant. Her tears matted her hair to her face. She looked so 
sad that I wanted to turn away. She screamed, “That’s what you want, 
right? ;Quieres que te peguen? Well, here, let me help you achieve that 
goal!” For a while, I watched like a spectator. As if this wasn’t (couldn’t 
be) my family. Nah, I thought. This couldn’t be happening. My mom 
(always talking about the loose morals of White people who are on those 
talk shows she says she hates but obviously doesn’t because she watches 
them every day) was in her living room—barefoot, pregnant, in a flannel 
nightgown—beating the shit out of her hoodlum son. If you ask me, you 
couldn’t get anymore White trash than that. All we needed was a trailer 
and a crackhead father. Oh wait, we had one of those. 

She kept on wailing on Beto, screaming, “You want to be like your 
father? You want to end up like him? I had enough of that shit! Enough of 
not knowing if he was coming home or if he’d be found dead somewhere, 
of washing blood and vomit from his clothes! I had enough! You're not 
going to do the same to me!” 


She had never hit us like that before. Sure, we’d gotten a smack 


165 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


across the face a few times for talking back, but a full on mother-child- 
beat-down? Never. As fucked up as our family has been, my parents only 
used corporal punishment in extreme situations. And only to reprimand, 
never to inflict pain. 

But even with my mom’s hands coming down on him, my brother still 
managed to say some dumb shit, “Well, you got what you wanted! You said 
you'd rather he be dead! Didn't you?! Isn’t that what you fucking said?!” 
He cussed at my mom. He fucking cussed at her. It took me a second to 
react, but I pulled my mom as gently as I could to separate a deranged 
pregnant woman from beating the shit out of her son. Because, yes, that 
is what my family had suddenly become. We had entered an alternate 
universe where we were ruled by primal urges. Of course, while trying to 
stop the madness, I got smacked a few times by my mother’s crazy hands. 
Then shit got even more real, real quick. My brother apparently still had a 
foot in that alternate primal universe and thought it would be a good idea 
to come at my pregnant mother fist raised. Yup. That happened. Thank 
God for my catlike reflexes because I was able to push him back hard 
against the wall and yell at him, “Calm the fuck down!” 

Defeated, my brother fell to the ground and spat at our mother, “I 
hate you! All you ever care about is yourself. Always! That’s why he’s dead! - 


You killed him!” 


ISABEL QUINTERO 166 


She just looked down at him, grefiuda and barefoot, her big belly 
heaving from all the excitement. 

“Shut up!” I shouted. “Callate! You don’t know what the hell you’re 
Saying!” 

When my mom grabbed her belly and released a painful groan, I knew 
we were in deep shit. I don’t know how I got her to the car, but I did. Beto 
rushed to her side and was saying, “I’m sorry, Mom, I’m sorry. I didn’t 
mean it. I’m sorry, Mom.” And he was. But it didn’t matter. 

Got to the hospital and have been waiting to hear how my mom is 
doing. But to recap on howI came to be sitting in a hospital waiting room 
(hoping to hear that I am not suddenly an orphan) for the last twelve 
hours: I woke up to the sound of a breaking vase. My pregnant mother 
beat the shit out of my brother, who then cameat her. I pushed my brother 
and cussed at him for the first time. He yelled at our mother that he hated 
her, which then prompted her to go into premature labor. Hernandez 
family bullshit: that’s what’s for breakfast. And that should be our motto. 

I had to call my tia Bertha. I was not ready to handle a situation like 
this. She had moved back to the same apartment complex, three cities 
away, where she had lived before she had moved in to help with my dad. 
I explained the situation to her, and she must’ve flown here because she 


arrived in time to go in with my mom when the baby came. 


167 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


March 3 


Ernesto Julian Hernandez is my new brother. He is named after both my 
grandfathers. The two-day-old is in an incubator struggling to breathe. 
The doctor says he'll be okay, but since his lungs are not fully developed 
he still needs a little help. Beto feels super guilty. And he should. I don't 
want to be angry at him or blame him, but I do. If he hadn’t shown up 
drunk and beat up, none of this would have happened. And I guess if my 
mom hadn’t reacted the way she did, it wouldn’t have happened either. So 
it’s probably both of their faults. Though I’m pretty sure that soon I'll be 
blamed for this incident. But we can’t stay mad at each other with our new 
brother in a plastic box. And I guess no matter what, we’re still family, 
even if we don’t want to be. Yay, family, she said sarcastically. 

Cindy and Sebastian came to see him. Cindy looked so tired. Before 
she left she said, “This baby needs to hurry the heck up. I feel like crap. My 
mom’s been making me walk around. I can’t really sleep anymore. It doesn’t 
matter what side I try to sleep on, I just can’t sleep.” So she only stayed 
for like fifteen minutes, but I was grateful that she did. Sebastian brought 
Ernie a little rainbow bear who he had named Jeff. It made me smile. Martin 
just left like an hour ago and brought Ernie a book by Dr. Seuss, Oh the 


Places You'll Go. That guy is just so optimistic. I think I love him. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 168 . 


March 4 


Ernie will be in the incubator for another few weeks. 


It’s March. College rejections should be getting here soon. 
March 10 


Balancing school and family is becoming a Herculean labor. But, unlike 
the young demigod, I haven’t killed my family, and I am sure there will be 
no gods or goddesses trying to help me cope with all my woes. What I do 
have are friends, but they have their own problems and lives, and I cannot 
be weighing them down with all my sadness. Cindy is about to pop, and it 
would be unfair to stress her out. Sebastian is trying his best. He’s joined 
the LGBTQ club at school and is really busy with that. That is actually a 
really good thing because there was only so much we understood about 
being a rejected gay teen. I mean, none of us are gay so we don’t know 
what it’s like, so I’m glad he has found support with other teens who are 
going through the same thing. The only one left is Martin. I know he loves 
me, but sometimes I feel like I’m dragging him down with all the drama in 
my life. I have to do something to feel better. Right now though, this box 


of Thin Mints will have to do. I love Girl Scout cookie season. 


169 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


March 13 


Martin helped me find a solution which did not involve bingeing on 
Caramel Delites or other such foods. What it does involve is getting all 
sweaty. Ugh. He said he was tired of seeing me moping around and on 
edge all the time and suggested we start running together. He said that 
there was something about running that released endorphins and gave 
you something he called “runner’s high.” Interesting, I thought. 

But because I don’t exercise, at first I was like, “Do I look likeI run? I 
don’t keep this slim figure by working out, pal.” 

He didn’t think that was so funny. He said that if I wanted to feel 
better, Ineeded to get serious. He told me to be ready tonight at 5 p.m. He 
would pick me up and take me to the park. This is the thing: I’m fat. I don’t 
want to be fat for many reasons, mostly because it’s embarrassing climbing 
stairs and having little old ladies rush by you while you have to pause and 
catch your breath. Also, there’s lots of clothes I'd like to buy. It seems 
like when you go to the store, the only clothes that are on sale are skinny 
girl clothes while big girl clothes are regular price or super expensive. I 
wonder if it’s because they have to use extra fabric? Hmmmm...well, in 
any case, running is an exercise that leaves you exposed—all my goodies . 


and bits and pieces will be bouncing up and down for the whole world to 


ISABEL QUINTERO 170 


see. I don’t want to tell Martin this because I am afraid he'll think I am 
being superficial. AndI guess Iam, butI still don’t want him to know that. 

My good-Gabi side, the one who wants to get fit and healthy and 
doesn’t want to feel depressed anymore says, “No one is going to be 
looking at your goodies or bits and pieces. And jf they are, so what? Focus 
on your goal and get to gettin’.” But the bad-Gabi, the one who doesn’t 
give a shit about anything, says, “Run? What are we, athletes? Ha! Don’t 
worry about that, love yourself for you. It doesn’t matter that you can’t 
climb stairs—that’s what elevators are for! Relax, serve yourself some 
diet Coke and some of what you have hiding in your underwear drawer. 
As a matter of fact, I saw that Mom bought some chocolate chip cookies— 
what the hell are you waiting for?” For some reason, Bad Gabi has a lot 
more to say than Good Gabi. And she is usually a lot louder and a lot more 
convincing. 

In the end, Good Gabi beat up Bad Gabi, and I went running. Martin 
was right: I felt better afterwards. I felt a sort of euphoria even though 
my heart was about to jump out of my chest, and I was as red as a lobster. 
Martin said, “That’s a runner’s high.” Never having been high myself, Iam 


taking his word for it. Whatever it was, I felt better. 


171 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


March 14 


Ahhhhhh! Cindy went into labor! The alien she’s been keeping in her belly 
is about to claw its way out of placenta, jerks and tissue! Or just pop out 
of her vagina. In either case, there are two people allowed in the room 
with her, and she let me be one of them. The other is her mom. Iam about 


to witness the miracle of life. 


Later... 

That was freakin’ gross. Much more disgusting than anything I could 
have imagined. I wish I had been in health class the day they showed us 
those videos. Had I done that, I would have been prepared for the show 
that Cindy’s reproductive organs put on for us tonight. 

First off, there was a lot of screaming. A lot less than in the movies, 
but much more than what I thought there was going to be. 

Secondly, there was a lot of sweating and pushing. And a little poop. 
Fucking poop! Cindy had been told not to eat anything the night before, 
but she did. It’s not like she knew she would be in labor but still. So, when 
she was on the table pushing her heart and baby alien out, something 
else came out too. Out of a different hole. Which meant that I saw my best 


friend take a crap in real time. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 172 


The whole thing was traumatic. I mean, it was awesome—in the 
Original sense of the word. Utterly awesome. For almost a year, Cindy 
carried this being inside of her. When it kicked, we could see it move 
through her belly, trying to escape. But it stayed inside of her. Then all 
of a sudden, there she is on a table spread eagle, her most private of 
private parts exposed for a whole bunch of people to poke at. And then 
it happened—there was an agonizing and audible POP! Suddenly, the 
baby’s head started to come out. I felt like I was about to faint. I actually 
screamed (the nurse gave me a look that said, “If I wasn’t helping the 
doctor bring this baby into the world, I would punch you in the face, you 
damn wuss.”) But I couldn't help it—it was too much. She kept pushing 
and pushing, and the baby kept coming, and then she pooped, and then 
the baby came out. It was all covered in bloody goo and white stuff, so it 
really looked like a baby alien, just like the kind you would see in a science- 
fiction movie. And then he was wiped down and crying, and that’s when 
I started crying. I can’t understand how something so utterly disgusting 
can be so utterly beautiful at the same time. But it was. When Beto was 
born, I was too young to know what was going on. When Ernie was born, 
it was an emergency, and I wasn’t in the room with my mom because she 
didn’t want me in there in case she died—that’s my mom, always looking 


on the bright side. Instead, my tia Bertha was there and held my mom's 


173 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


hand through the whole thing. So this is my first firsthand experience 
with birth. Cindy looked so happy holding her baby, like it didn’t matter 
that we had all just seen her vagina or witnessed her pooping on the 
hospital bed—the only thing that mattered was that she was holding her 
little boy in her arms. 

Hopefully, Ernie can come home soon so my mom can feel just as 
happy as Cindy instead of worrying about whether or not my baby brother 


will be able to breathe on his own. 

March 15 

Cindy named him Sebastian Gabriel. I can’t believe it. 
March 16 


At school, everyone was asking about Cindy. How’s she doing, what's 
the baby look like, what did she name him? All the usual stuff. But 
the people who were asking were mostly people who had talked shit 
about her being pregnant in the first place, so to them I gave generic 
responses, “It looks like a baby. She is alive. She gave him a name with 
more than one letter.” Soon people stopped asking questions. Georgina 
was one of the people who came up to me to ask how Cindy was doing. I ° 


was weirded out by her sudden change of heart. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 174 


I asked her, “Why do you care? Weren’t you the one who told 
everyone that she was pregnant? And called her a slut?” I could see that 
she was about to cry and that was so un-Georginalike, that, naturally, I 
was stunned. “What's wrong with you? You’re supposed to say something 
like, “Shut up, fat ass’ or something like that. Why are you crying?” 

“Tm pregnant.” | 

For a moment my brain failed me. I was completely void of language 
skills. My face froze in a surprised/confused expression, with my mouth 


agape, letting a “Whaaa...?” softly break free. 

And there it was: karma. Not in the, “Ha, ha! Now you’re pregnant!” 
way, butin a sad, “Oh shit. Now you’re pregnant,” kind of way. Because as 
hard as Cindy may have had it with her mom, Georgina is going to have it 
worse with her dad. Georgina’s family is Jehovah's Witness. They come by 
our house on the weekends and when my mom doesn't say, “Don’t open 
the door!” and has us hide behind the couch, I open the door and take a 
pamphlet. I can tell that neither Georgina or her brothers and sisters— 
or even her mom for that matter—are into going door to door, but the 
bruises on her mom’s face let me know that it doesn’t really matter what 
she thinks. I’ve seen her dad hit her and her mom in public before, but 
I've never told anyone, especially Georgina. That would probably be 
humiliating. So, as much as we don’t get along, I never stoop that low. 


If that’s how her dad treats them in public, I can’t imagine how he treats 


175 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


them in private. He'll probably break her legs if he finds out that she’s 
knocked-up. 

My vocal abilities returned, “Wow, Paya...Georgina, I'm sorry. Have 
you told your parents?” I didn’t think calling ie by the nickname I've used 
to make her angry all of these years was appropriate at a time like this. 

Her face got all wild and crazy, and her voice cracked, “No! They’d kill 
me. My dad would really kill me. When he found out I had sex with Joshua, 
he kicked the shit out of me. That’s why I wasn’t here that whole week.” 

(I remembered wondering where Payasita had been.) 

There was an awkward silence. I hate awkward silences so I asked the 
first question that came to my mind: “So, do you know how many months 
along you are?” 

She said, “Like two. The time in the stairs, it wasn’t the first time. But 
I haven’t told anyone. Not even Joshua. I don’t know what to do. I can’t 
have this thing.” 

And then my dear nemesis, my sworn enemy for life, started sobbing. 
I had never seen her like this. It was against the laws of nature, and I 
didn’t know what to do or say. 

“Well, there are other options, I guess. Like adoption. Or, you know, 
the other thing if you really don’t want it. I mean, really don’t want it.” , 


Yeah, that happened today. I suggested having an abortion to Georgina 


ISABEL QUINTERO 176 


during our passing period today at school. Hope my mom doesn’t ask me 
if anything strange happened at school today. Because, guess what?— 
that would top the list. 

I guess Georgina also thought it a strange occurrence because her 
response was to yell at me. Pit? 

“Are you fucking serious?” 

“Hey, don’t talk to me like that. Don’t. For whatever reason, you're 
telling me about this and apparently asking for advice. I’m just putting 
your choices out there. I’m not saying they’re good choices. But they're 
choices. If they don’t seem good to you, just have it. What’s the worst that 
can happen? Your parents kick you out? You can go live with your grandma 
or something.” 

I mean my grandma is no peach, but even she wouldn't turn me away 
if I were to become a “fallen woman,” as she likes to call unwed mothers. 

“No, Gabi, you don’t get it. My dad will literally kill me. Seriously 
kill me. Like, take my life. And sorry about yelling. I had already 
thought about doing that “other thing,” but that’s like murder. I can't 
do it. Ijust can’t. But I don’t know what to do, and I feel so alone.” 

I didn’t have a choice (it seemed) so I did it—I hugged my sworn 
enemy. What was I supposed to do? I remember how Cindy felt. How 


I've felt before. Sebastian. How all of us have felt like we had no one on 


1/7 GABI, A GIRL IN PIECES 


our side. And here was this person—who had been part of the groups 
that have pushed us out—feeling just as alone. 

“You're not alone. I know we don’t get along...but I don’t know. 
Don’t feel alone. There has to bea solution out there. We just haven’t 
thought of it yet.” 

So I hugged her fora little bit longer untilthe bell for fifth period rang, 
and we were both late to class. I didn’t mind—it was Algebra IIT anyway. 


She didn’t have to tell me to not tell anybody—it was nobody’s business. 
March 18 


Georgina made up her mind. I was so shocked when she told me that I 
choked on my Mocha Frappachino. She asked if I would go with her 
because she didn’t want to go by herself. I couldn’t say no (I had been 
the one who made the suggestion) and told her I'd drive her. I imagine it 
must be pretty scary, and lots of things must be going through her mind. 
Things like: Will I go to Hell? What will the doctor think about me? Will God 
still love me? What if I die? What if my parents find out? What if people at 
school find out? WilLI regret it? WilLI be able to have children afterwards? 
Am Ta bad person? Will this make mea murderer? 


I wouldn’t want to be in her shoes. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 178 


March 19 


I'm freaking exhausted. I hate keeping things from my friends, and I knew 
they would know something was up. I am a horrible liar. To top it off, 

my mom didn’t let me use the car because my tia Bertha needed it to go 
grocery shopping. She’s been helping since Mom had the baby. I can’t 
very well put up an argument to that because then I wouldn’t be able to 
go anywhere. At school, I told Georgina what happened, and she started 
freaking out. There was a solution to this setback, I told her. 

“We can ask Martin. He won’t say anything, and he can use his dad’s 
minivan anytime he wants.” 

At first Georgina was all like, “No, no one else can know.” But then I 
explained how it was—either we ask Martin, or we can’t go. She reluctantiy 
agreed. I assured her that Martin was trustworthy and wouldn’t judge her 
or even say anything to her about her decision. He’s cool like that. So then 
T went to find him. 

I talked to Martin, and he got very serious and pensive, but he finally 
said, “Yes, I'll drive you guys.” 

After school we headed to Stuffix, ten freeway exits away from Santa 
Maria de los Rosales. The drive was silent until we got to the clinic, and I 


asked Georgina if she was sure she wanted to go through with it. 


179 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


She said simply, “Yes. I already prayed about it.” 

Wow. What does that even mean? Did God give her the thumbs up ina 
vision? Did an angel appear in a dream and say, “No worries. Do whatcha 
gotta do”? Whatever it meant, she was determined to take control. We 
all held hands as she walked in. Georgina filled out some paperwork and 
waited. She was so lost in her thoughts (I wish I was a mind reader) that 
the nurse had to call her name three times before she reacted. I thought 
this was a one-visit thing, but it turns out that this was only the first part 


of the ordeal. She has to come back in two days for the grand finale. 
March 20 


Oh my God! I got my first acceptance letter in the mail. It was to a private 
schoolin Orange County that I almost didn’t apply to. But I’m glad I did. I 
had talked to Ms. Abernard about feeling like I was not worth that school. 
She told me that if I was going to throw the application out, I would be 
one “foolish” girl. 

“Of course you can make it,” she scolded me. “You just need to make 
sure to pass that Algebra II class. Get all the help you can from Mrs. Black.” 

Still working on that. This gives me hope that I can probably make it 


into other colleges. Maybe even Berkeley. Hopefully Berkeley. Sebastian : 


ISABEL QUINTERO 180 


/ 


asked if Martin and I wanted to hang out tomorrow with him and some guy 

he’s been dating (I won’t even get started on that issue). I told him we 

ccouldn’t because we had other plans. He made a face that read bullshit. 
“Whatever. If you don’t want to hang out with me and James, then 

Just say so. Stop making excuses.” pen 

I tried to fix it, but it didn’t go well. I do have plans after all. Plans to 

get rid of an unwanted baby. But that is not something that I would say 


out loud. 
March 21 


I couldn't concentrate all day at school thinking about what was going to 
happen later. However I was feeling though, I bet it was nothing to how 
Georgina must have been feeling. 

At lunchtime, Martin, Georgina and I left and didn’t come back. This 
offense is big enough to have our off-campus lunch pass revoked, but 
I don’t think the school will call our homes because a) the school knows 
the situation with Georgina and her abusive dad; b) Martin never gets in 
trouble and his auntis the secretary; and c) the school knows that I've been 
depressed about my dad dying. Hopefully they'll assume that’s why I left. 


Otherwise, if they call my mom, I’lLhave to be ready with a story to tell her. I 


181 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


didn’t even tell Sebastian that I was leaving at lunch. Ugh. Now for sure he’s 
going to be super mad at me. 

We drove to the clinic, and I asked Georgina how she was feeling. 

She said, “Penitent. But I’ve been talking to God and my unborn child 
about it. I’ve asked forgiveness from them both.” 

I couldn’t look at her anymore without crying, so I looked out the 
window. It’s not that I think she’s a bad person, but I feel bad for her 
making this decision and thinking about how hard it must be for her. 
Like I know she feels bad about it. Really bad. But she doesn’t have 
another choice or feels like she doesn’t have another choice. Georgina 
must have ovaries of steel to do this. I had never thought of her as 
strong . Bitchy? Yes. Nosy? Definitely. But strong? Nope. It had never 
occurred to me that strength was needed to make this choice. Iam sure 
that this will not be the last day she will think about it. In any case, 
there’s no going back. She went in and took the second pill. They told 
her she could hang outin an empty room they had until everything came 
out. We waited a few hours, and I thought about the poems I had been 
reading in poetry class. We had read “We Real Cool” (about how cool kids 
are not really cool) by Gwendolyn Brooks. I liked her writing so much, 
I looked up some more of her poetry online and one poem kept coming 


to mind, “the mother.” I wanted to give it to Georgina so she wouldn’t 


ISABEL QUINTERO 182 


/ 


feel so alone, so she would know that there are other girls out there like 
her, but I couldn’t bring myself to do it, and then it was over, and we 
drove her home. Martin had to drop her off a few blocks from her house 
_ because if her dad saw a boy driving her anywhere, it didn’t matter if I 
_ was with her or not, it wouldn’t be good. So we dropped her off—older 
and babyless. But at least she was alive. 


Sort of. 


March 26 


Sebastian was really pissed off about me leaving and not telling him. But 
I told him that it was a female emergency and that I really had to go. He 
was kind of grossed out, but he seemed to believe me. 

Regardless, Iam happy because we get to bring Ernie home today! My 
little brother is breathing on his own, and the doctor said he is ready to 
come home. That’s the good news. 

The bad news is that tia Bertha will be moving in. Permanently. I 
really love my tia Bertha but having her around all the time—again—is 
going to be hell. I complained to my mom about this. She said that she 
understood how I felt and that she knew that tia Bertha es dificil, but the 


fact that she was willing to move in and help with Ernie and everything 


183 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


else while my mom worked overshadowed how difficult (or crazy) my tia 
could be. My mom told me to try and be patient, that when I go off to 
college she will be all alone, and she needs someone to help her. 

I was taken aback by this because until now my mom was against me 
leaving to go to college. When my dad died, I had totally forgotten I even 
wanted to move out. How could I leave my mom alone? I mean Beto is 
here, but it’s not the same. Sometimes he’s more trouble than help. 

“Are you serious, Mom? You won't be mad if I moved out for college?” 

Her reasoning for not wanting me to move out was that I probably 
wanted to move out to party and sleep around, and that that’s not howa 
young lady should behave. This line of reasoning is ludicrous. If wanted to 
party and sleep around, I would. There are plenty of opportunities here in 
Santa Maria for that to happen. And her insistence that that is the reason 
White girls move out is just as ridiculous! Seriously, Mom? Only White girls 
Sleep around? Let me introduce you to my friend Cindy, to Georgina, to 
Tomasa, to Kanisha, and all the other non-White girls at my school who 
have already had sex. And guess what? None of them are in college! But 
some of them will be soon. Of course I just keep these thoughts to myself 
because she gets all angry if I say stuff like that, and her response is 
always, “Yes, they’re acting like that because they’re trying to be White.” : 


There is no reasoning with this woman. 


[ISABEL QUINTERO 184 — 


So, because one of her biggest fears is that I will become less 
Mexican, she has said that the only way I am leaving this house will be if 
I get married, but now here she is giving me her blessing—expecting me, 
even, to leave. Wow. 

“Life is too short, mija.” Poke 

I came back to my room to think. Isat munching on some Hot Cheetos 
with lemon and Tapatio and a bottle of Dr. Pepper (my favorite thinking 
foods) and wondered about what my mom said and what it has taken for 
her to say that. Life is short—there are examples all around me to prove 
this. My dad is dead before the age of fifty. Ernie almost died, and he’s an 
infant. Georgina’s unborn child never got to see the light of day. That was 
a pretty short life. I guess I don’t have a minute to lose. I need to enjoy all 
of it. And if that means moving away to college to do whatever it is that I 
want to do (I haven’t decided yet), then that is what I have to do. 


Maybe. 


185 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


March 29 


Georgina isn’t the same, and I don’t blame her. I think it’s harder for her 
to cope with all the feelings because she has no one to talk to. Obviously, 
her mom isn’t an option. If she told any of her friends, they would spread 
it all over the school, probably even call her a “baby killer” like they did to 
Samantha, that girl who graduated two years ago. After school I went up 
to her and told her that if she needed someone to talk to, she could talk 
to me. She thanked me, but said that she is trying to deal with this on her 
own. I didn’t want to push her so I left her alone. 

On the plus side, I’ve gotten a few more acceptances and one 
rejection. The rejection didn’t hurt so bad because I knew that school 
was a long shot but I GOT ACCEPTED INTO BERKELEY! Me. The Mexican 
fat girl. Accepted to Berkeley! If Sebastian gets accepted, then we can 
go together! Ahhhhh! The sad part (the part I really don’t want to think 
about) is that, if that happens, Cindy will be here all alone. Should 
I feel good about being able to leave while she has to stay behind? We 
had always talked about going to college together, but that was before 
German knocked her up and she had Sabi (a combination of Sebastian 
and Gabi). I don’t want to think about that right now. Ijust want to enjoy _ 


feeling good about my acceptance. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 186 - 


I told Beto and my mom and my tia Bertha about Berkeley and they 
were happy...at first. They all knew how much that meant to me. Then I 
Started talking about dorms, Christmas visits, calling every day, and 
suddenly the reality of me moving away actually hit all of them. Beto said it 
was cool because now he could have my room since it was bigger and how 
it would be “so awesome” to come and visit up there. Tia Bertha went on 
and on about libertinaje this and libertinaje that, like freedom only meant 
sleeping around. My mom wasn’t much better. What happened to all that 
life is too short stuff? She said she was too emotional right now to think 
about it, but that she knew that she didn’t want me to move away. “Plus 
we can’t afford it.” I told her that sometimes being poor and Mexican and 
a girl pays off. “The government will pay for everything!” But when I told 
my mom this, she just glared at me and said, “Humph! The government? 
You have a lot to learn if you believe anything they say.” Then she turned 
to my tia Bertha and changed the conversation. Just like that. This is what 
she does when she doesn’t want to talk about things anymore. Her go-to 
solution. 

I was shaking with anger. But what was I supposed to do? What 
could I say? So I just started crying and went to my room. I laid in bed, 
pathetically hugging my stuffed bear for like an hour before I came to my 


senses. I am going to leave whether she “allows” me to or not—whether 


137 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


she believes that moving away will make me a bad girl or that it means 
that Iam trying to be White. I don’t care—I’m leaving. But I won't tell her 


that yet. Besides, I’m pretty sure she already knows. 
April 3 


Prom! Prom! Prom! That is all everyone is talking about. Yes sir, in one 
month the students of Santa Maria de los Rosales High School will show up 
in our finest attire to the footsteps of the oldest train station in the world 
(it’s really not, but it seems like itis)— a train station whose sole purpose 
is the yearly teenage bacchanalia that is prom. I know it’s probably an 
historic something or other. My abuelito used to tell me that he would 
arrive at that train station every year, along with a whole bunch of other 
Mexicans, to pick crops. He would say that the U.S. government would 
bring thousands of Mexicanos, give them a shitty place to stay, a hole to 
piss in, and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches for the months they stayed 
picking. And then, when they were finished, they would herd the workers 
onto the trains and send them back to wherever they came from. It didn’t 
seem fair or just, but my grandfather said it paid more than what he would 
have made in Mexico, and that even if the U.S. government still owed him 


money, he was better off for it. I personally didn’t think it was okay, butit — 


ISABEL QUINTERO 188 


doesn’t matter—Abuelito died with the debt never being repaid. Note to 
self: look up the name of the program. In any case, the train station is old 
and falling apart. The prom committee tries to talk it up every year, saying 
it’s “vintage” and trying to make it seem like whatever cheesy theme they 
decide on will classy it up (under the sea,. pirates, even Twilight [vomit]) 
but alas, no matter how many sea stars and seashells you put on the 
tables, it is still old and falling apart. Obviously I am going, no matter 
how much crap I talk about the decor. I am a senior, I have a boyfriend, 
and Iam an American. It is my patriotic duty. I’ve seen the movies. Also, 
whether anyone admits it or not, many of us are thinking, “Will tonight 
be the night I get lucky in the back of my boyfriend’s/girlfriend’s mom’s 
minivan?” Or maybe it’s just me. In any case, almost everyone is going, 
even Cindy! Her mom said she would take care of little Sabi for the night. 
She usually doesn’t do that, but since Cindy is keeping her grades up, she 
said it would be fine for her to go out for one night and have fun. She 
should be back in school at the end of this month because that’s when la 
cuarentena (I like to call it the quarantine) is over, and she is safe to go 
back into the real world again. I teased her about making sure she doesn’t 
put out during prom because she might get pregnant. She didn’t think 
that was funny. 


I’ve been working on some haikus for Cindy— 


189 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Party time is over girl 
Summer claimed you as his 
In Spring you will rejoice 


Girl the party is over 
Summer runs down your legs 
Itis Spring rejoice 


Girlis over party 
Summer runs claiming his legs 
Rejoicing in his Spring. 


April 5 


Ms. Abernard invited some of her old students to come by and do some zine 
workshops with us. Ever since we heard that the college kids were coming, 
we have been writing like crazy so we would have something to work on when 
they arrived. I wasn’t sure what I was going to write untila couple weeks ago 
when I got my period and I remembered having /he Talk with my mom. 

In fifth grade—just after we watched the health video about how our 
bodies were changing—my mom decided it would be best to teach me all 
about my body, though she herself wasn’t exactly going to be the teacher. 
After watching the video, everyone was uncomfortable, and we were left. 


with more questions. Do boys have periods? Will they also get hair down 


ISABEL QUINTERO 190 - 


there? How does a woman get pregnant? Is there any way I could make my 
boobs grow faster and bigger? I obviously couldn't ask my teacher this (the 
poor woman looked anxious enough that day) and I definitely couldn't ask 
my mom. One day though, I was laying in bed reading Are You There God? 
It’s Me, Margaret (getting the answers I so desired) when she shows up with 
All About Your Body, and stealthily slips it under my pillow saying, “No se 
lo ensefies a tu papa,” as if it was a secret that my life depended on. It was 
a health book about the female body. There were diagrams, see-through 
pictures with descriptions of what our body parts do. Those body parts 
which are private—and that we are told are dirty and should be covered 
at all times—were exposed for what they really are: body parts. Just like 
an arm, just like a heart, an ear, or an eye. What the book didn’t explain 
was how cramps would make you want to roll around on the floor. Or that 
you would get chills so bad that you’d wish you could sleep in the sun. Or 
how pads feel like diapers that you are always worried are leaking all over 
the place. Or how tampons are much more complicated than they appear, 
but that’s okay because if your mom catches you with one, she'll probably 
make you burn it and then make you say a rosary for your slutty soul. Or 
that not all boobs are created equal, no matter how many times you pump 
your arms together. Or that bodies are all different. Very different. Yes, 


that book left a lot of things out. I decided that my zine would have all the 


191 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


information that that book left out—the truth about the female body from 
a female point of view. Because, really, the older I get, the more I realize 
how full of crap that book was—no matter how big of a stupid smile the girl 


on the cover had. She probably hadn’t gotten her period yet. 
April 7 
Missing my dad a whole lot today. Wrote him a letter. 


Dear Papi, 

Te extrafio mucho. I miss you everyday. Some people may say 
that you’re probably in Hell because you were an addict, because 
you gave into vice, and you hated going to church. I am not sure I 
believe that. To be honest I don’t know what to believe. I can’t think 
of you as an angel dressed in white, with wings and a harp. That was 
never your style. But obviously I don’t want to imagine you burning 
for eternity. Maybe there are different levels of heaven and you're 
just chillaxing, eating some tacos and drinking a Pepsi. And finally 
sober. That’d be an alright heaven, actually. I hope it’s like that. 
Some days I wake up forgetting you’re gone. Like yesterday morning, 
I was laying in bed a little bit, and I thought I heard you whistle, but 
it was only Beto. It was like feeling you go all over again. I was angry 
and almost told him to shut up, but I guess I should be glad that I'll 
get to hear you through my brother. That’s proof that not all is Lost. 
As much as he tries to fight it, Beto is a lot like you: angry, quiet and — 
stubborn. But also kind, loyal and freaking hilarious. Oh my God, like 


ISABEL QUINTERO Me. 


yesterday he played the funniest/meanest joke on Mom. You know 
how she’s super scared of mice? Well, she was carrying some rice that 
she was about to cook and Beto said, “Cuidado! Una rata!” And Mom 
screamed and jumped like three feet! The rice went everywhere! Beto 
and I (and even tia Bertha) couldn’t stop laughing. Mom didn’t think 
it was funny though, “Hijo de tu...! Miranomas! Que chistoso! Get the 
broom and start sweeping antes de que te de unos!” But Beto was 
laughing too hard to even move. Then out of nowhere, Mom farted 
and we all lost it, even Mom. You would have been laughing too. 

Ernie is getting big. You would have loved him. He looks like 
you. Big curly lashes and bushy eyebrows. He even has your big 
ears! I feel sad that he’ll never get to meet you. I’m glad he won't 
have the memories of you as an addict though. I don’t wish those on 
anyone. We'll tell him stories of how you were a hard worker, about 
your whistling, your wrinkly laugh and how you loved us. Someday 
I’m sure we'll tell him how you died. I think we'll have to. But I don’t 
think he’ll hold it against you. 

I miss you, Papi—everyday. It’s hard to believe that I'll never 
see you again. If you are in heaven, and you do have wings and the 
power to watch over us, I ask you for a big favor: help tia Bertha 
find a boyfriend! Or girlfriend. Or something. She is way too lonely 
and grouchy, and I can’t handle her anymore! She’s worse than a 
teenager. Te quiero mucho. 

Tu hija, 

Gabi WNL Cte 


Need to finish up my zine. Have to have it ready for tomorrow. 


193 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


HERE'S MY ZINE! 








\ 
f 
j 
/ 
f 
is 
( 
x 


\ 
J 
4 


Vp 





| These are the breasts. 


ti Ad will talk about your 








Diagram Iwo 







As they develop they will hurt. 
You will be teased because your breasts are too small. 
You will be teased because your breasts are too large. 
You will be teased because you have breasts. 





chichis 
tetas 
tatas 
rack 
boobs 


but never about your breasts. j 
Because breast is a dirty word. Dy PL U M P a 
CHEST 


<“ You will want to cover them 

fj, 2nd flaunt them | MUSCLES! G 

sometimes for yourself 

and sometimes for others. 

You may feel insecure about your breasts. 

You may say things like, “I wish | had bigger boobs.’ 

You may not. 

You may say things like, “I wish | had smaller boobs.’ 

You may not. (——s—— era 

You may realize that you are more than your breasts. ES 

You may not. CR lii=- i) 
PST TRE 














Dp\n 


ee popu 


UA | 








euequis 00} aq IlIM No, 
‘PUISCA INOK SI Siuy 


LIT WeJseIq 





uara}}!P aie NOA 3 


y ezi\e? pus 
yy yno Nok OS 


~ 





-sja9} }! poos Mo 


) 








‘sSuiuy Auew op j|IM Spuey INOA 
sa} yyew e j1e} ABW NOA 
‘aod e a]um Aew NO, 

‘gimoid e yued Aew NO, 

‘s Joujespueis Zuikp e aqghew S,pi!4yo & aqhew puauyjlils 
Jo puaujAog e aqkew S,asja BUdBWOS POU Kew spuey inoA yulod aud 3 
‘sSulu) OP 0} NOA JO} Prey 7! eHeW yeu} sjieu Zuo] aqhew 

‘suZisop Aoues YM sileu 9ijAsoe 128M 0} JUBM Kew nok ulod 3uo WV 
‘pasn aq jim Aauy ng 

‘op 0} UeM you Aew Nok sZuiu} pue Op 0} JUeEM noA ssulul 

‘ssuly} peg 
‘SBUIU} POO 
‘sSuiu} AUeW 10} pasn 2q {||M Aout 
‘spuey JNOA ae aSoul 















































‘Oni4 welseld 


Diagram Six. 


These are your legs. 

Your cottage cheese thighs. 
Your legs up to here. 

Your knobby knees. 

Your chicken legs. 

Your thunder thighs. 

Your cankles. 

Your escape. 

Your arrival. 

Hairy PROPER 
shaved ely GIRL 


smooth SITTING 


rough 


veiny PROCEDURE ; 
pale / BS Sa 
tanned. WS 

Your skirts may not go above this point on your thighs 
if they do there will be consequences 

detention e, 
name calling 
assumptions 
stereotyping 


you may be seen as “asking for it” 
even if you weren't. 





WSS 





You may sit crossed legged 


or perpen 
closed legged. = 
Only marimachas es 
or men 

(or sluts) [/ 

sit with their legs apart, 

even if it is more comfortable. 


OL 


oeee oti 


\\ 


\ 
¥; 


Remember 

your legs should always be closed. 
= _ a 
ees y f> ee 






Diagram Seven. 


This is your mouth. 
it is made UP of 
teeth 

lips 

tongue 

sums 

spit 

noise 

curse words 
moist words 
sweet words 
bitter words 
desiccated 
suffocated words 

















So more than anything W 
















tough rough nasty tasting words. 


What comes out of your mouth may condemn you. 
atch your mouth. 


Giggle, keeP them sweet, keep your thoughts to yourself; 
you are a girl, speak accordingly. 


But maybe... 
You will forget all this 


and learn to speak and think 
and become a woman. 


And think thoughts that will change what comes out your mouth. 
Thoughts like: 


if words are our weapons, we must ask ourselves; why should we use rocks 
and sticks when we have tanks available? 


And you will know how to answer 


dez 


tea by 
er han 





(ea 
Gabi H 


April 8 


Ms. Abernard loved my zine, but she said I definitely couldn’t share it with 
the class because she’d get in trouble—probably for promoting critical 
thinking instead of preparing us for a state test or some other ridiculous 
reason our wonderful school district could cook up. I know she agreed with 
what I had to say, but I didn’t want to put her job in jeopardy. So instead 
I am going to make another zine soon about one of my most favoritist of 
favorite foods: tacos. Tacos are like what the voices of a hundred angels 
singing Bob Dylan while sitting on rainbows and playing banjos would 
taste like if that sound were edible. Little bits of cilantro and onion. The 
perfect salsa verde or roja. Yum. Those little itty bitty tortillas holding 
delicate, perfectly seasoned pieces of dead pig or cow. I've got the food 
sweats just thinking about them. I've already started writing the haikus, 
and I just know that my taco zine will be hilarious. 

I showed Sebastian and Cindy my female body zine and they liked it. 
Apparently, they were not aware of the fact that I had suddenly become 
a creative genius. Okay, that’s not what they said. What they said was, 
“We didn’t know you were creative like that.” To which I responded with a 
modest, “Neither did I.” I guess I’ve been feeling more creative recently. 


The more I write, the more creative I feel and the more I feel I have to 


203 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


share. Martin was also impressed. But what I liked most about his response 
was that he said he had never thought of a girl’s body the way I described 
it. Mission accomplished. High five me! I wanted the zine to make people 
think about how girls are raised to think about our bodies and who gets 
to decide how we think about them. Like how Cindy was called a slut and 
constantly criticized for having a baby so young, but then it wasn’t seen 
as that bad for my mom to have a baby because she was an adult even 
though she was in a really bad situation. Or how we are raised to believe 
that itis our job and responsibility to protect our bodies and if something 
goes wrong, we are always at fault, even if it’s rape. And we have to fix 
it. Why did Georgina have to make the choice about her baby? And then 
live with the guilt and the’ fear of being found out and being labeled slut 
and baby killer while Joshua Moore paraded around like nothing ever 
happened? Like he never had an almost-child? I mean Georgina totally 
helped him out too—now he doesn’t have a responsibility and is free to go 
and play football or soccer or wrestle bears or whatever it is he is doing 
to get college scholarships. And she’s the one who’s wracked with guilt. 
It makes me mad. Why are we always screwed? I love Martin, but the first 
time I kissed him he was surprised that I did. Just like Eric was. It doesn’t 
bother me, really. Okay, it kind of does because if he had kissed me, it 


would have been the most natural occurrence, and I wouldn’t have been 


ISABEL QUINTERO 204 


shocked at all. I would have been all, “Awesome! This is the way things are 


supposed to be.” Why? So my zine is about all that. 
I read it at the coffee shop and the audience seemed to dig it. 


Afterwards Martin and I stood around trying to pass out our zines. The 


_ first people came up and asked “How much?” I wasn’t prepared for that. 


: 


I thought we could just give them out for free. The college kids probably 


explained that you could sell them when Martin, Lindsay and I were 


goofing around. “$1.50” was what came out of my mouth. I made $15 and 


Martin made $12. We are now published poets. Kind of. 
April 11 


Today Mrs. Howard, our English teacher, assigned groups for a poetry 
project—writing a mock epic. And right away people starting moaning. 
Secretly I was thrilled to pieces to be doing the assignment. The part that 
was not so thrilling was that we had to work in groups. Most students 
don’t like writing poems, and since they know I do like writing poems, 
they will be looking at me to take over. Ugh. Mrs. Howard got this great 
idea after we read, Alexander Pope’s “Rape of the Lock,” where he writes 
about some guy cutting off a piece of a woman’s hair. I waited to see what 


group I was in (because, of course, we are incapable of picking our own) 


205 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


and ended up with Sarah, Ian, and José. This is both good and bad. It is 
good because we get along pretty well, and those people are some of the 
few that are doing good in the class. The bad partis that Ian is super hot. 
Like super duper hot. Like he’s molten magma spewing from a volcano, 
and I’m Pompeii hot. And I feel guilty about feeling like this because I 
have a super cute and super sweet boyfriend. I’m sure Martin thinks other 
girls are magma hot, but he’s not in a group with them. Or at least I've 
never heard about it. Maybe he is or has been, and I don’t know. I wonder 
what girls he thinks are super hot? Okay, Gabi, don’t think about that. You 
will drive yourself crazy, and you are not the erratic girlfriend type. Or are 
you? Argh! What's wrong with me? I’m going to sit down, eat some of my 
Girl Scout cookie stash, reread Pope’s poem, take some notes and then go 


fora run. Yes. That is my plan. Gabi, out. 
April 13 


Ernie is getting huge! I can’t believe how fast babies grow and how 
much they eat. He is such a sweet baby too. Not like one of those 
annoying crying-all-the-time babies. He looks like a little round brown 
teddy bear, and I love holding him and squishing him and kissing his 
little baby belly. I think Beto is a bit jealous of the baby, but I know he - 


ISABEL QUINTERO 206 


/ 


loves him. He plays with him and carries him all the time, even though 
my tia Bertha says it is not good because if you hold a baby too much, 
he won't learn to be independent. But it’s just so hard not to. I mean 
it’s been a super hard year, and he’s a reminder that there are good 
things in life too, which puts everything in perspective and makes us 
smile. Even though she teeters on the éidtie of being an eccentric old 
Christian lady and extremist religious zealot (that is the word of the 
week after we learned it in our government class when we were having 
a discussion about the role of religious beliefs in the attacks of 9/11), 
I’m glad my tia came to live with us. My mom needs someone nearby 
and she and tia Bertha are getting along better, even though they dont 
agree on a lot of things, especially religion. But as long as they (we) 
don’t talk about God and his plan for each and every one of us—a plan 
that apparently does not include wearing pants or listening to rap music 
(I guess Lupe Fiasco is leading me down the corridors of Hell)—we are 
okay. Tia Bertha is a complicated person. I know she was (is?) some sort 
of bruja or curandera. And—while being a witch seems to contradict 
her current status as a messenger of God, as does sleeping with her ex- 
husband who is now married to someone else—somehow it makes sense. 
Besides, tia Bertha is an awesome cook, better than my mom most of 


the time. Maybe I shouldn’t write that down. Although it is the truth, 


207 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


and my mom is all about telling the truth all the time, no matter what. 
So, I'll just leave itin here. Anyways, tia Bertha makes the best soutital 
in the whole world. When I got home from school today, she had made © 
those little hot pockets of masa goodness filled with chicharron en chile 
rojo, and there was red sauce and little pieces of deep fried pork skin on 
my shirt afterwards, but I didn’t care because there was a party in my 
mouth. Not only did I have seconds but also thirds, they were so good. 

I immediately regretted eating all of that gordita goodness after I 
spoke with Cindy on the phone. She called to see if I wanted to go prom- 
dress shopping with her this weekend because it was getting close, and 
she didn’t have any idea what she would be wearing. How am I supposed 
to fit into any sort of non-muumuu dress after all that food? Ugh! 


In any case, I agreed to see her on Saturday. 
April 14 


This morning Ian texted me, “Can you get to my house a little earlier on 
Saturday?” 

I ignored the text. Deleted it. If it wasn’t there, then he didn’t send 
it, right? Wrong. He was standing outside the door of Mrs. Howard's class 


waiting for me. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 208 


“Hey, did you get my text?” 
I shook my head, “Nopers. I haven’t gotten any texts today, except 
_ from my mom to not forget to pass by the store after school. I think she 
wanted me to buy more formula because my little brother drinks a lot of 
it. One bottle in the morning and then one almost every hour after that it 
seems like. You know how that goes.” No. He doesn’t know how that goes, 
~ Gabi, because Ian is an only child, unless you count his older, equally as 
hot, step-brother Dylan. So no, he doesn’t know—or need to know—the 
ins and outs of infant feeding habits. I could have slapped myself. 

Icould feel my face turning red because lama horrible liar, and whenever 
I lie Iturn red and start sweating and start talking way, way too much. 

“Oh, well, I was wondering if you could come to my house like at 8:30. 
I had something I wanted to talk to you about. It’s nothing big though, I 
just thought maybe you could.” 

“Sure. I think I can—if I wake up. Ha!” 

And it was like someone said, “Cue the sweat!” because I felt my 
forehead start to moisten. 

To make it worse, just as we are done talking, Martin walks by, gives 
me a card, a quick kiss on the cheek and runs back to government. 

In class I read the card. On the cover it read, “O my Luve’s like a red, 


red rose / That’s newly sprung in June”—the first two lines to Robert 


209 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Burns’ poem “A Red, Red Rose.” And on the inside of the card, Martin had 
illustrated the entire poem. I felt like an even bigger asshole for thinking 


that Ian was hot after reading it. 
April 16 


Because I am an idiot, I went to Ian’s house early, just as he had asked. 
I got there at 8:35 but had been up since like six this morning trying to 


figure out what he wanted to talk to me about. I made a list: 


a) He could just want extra help with understanding what a 
mock epic was and didn’t want to ask in front of the others. 

b) He wanted to practice his Spanish for his trip to Peru over 
the summer. 

c) Ian, realizing that I had a gay friend, knew that I would 
be understanding and wanted to come out. 

d) He was an avid baker and knowing that I like to eat, 
wanted to have me taste a new recipe for chocolate 
cupcakes he had been working on for weeks. 

e) He thought I was cute and wanted to let me know. 


I laughed at my last one, because I am hardly his type. A short, fat, 
nerdy Mexican girl? Try tall, blonde, skinny athlete. It probably had to do 


with food or Spanish. 


ISABEL QUINTERO eid . 


When I got to his house, I was in shock. Ian had money. Like real 
money. His parents’ house was huge and very high tech. You had to drive 
like a mile to get to the front door and then a person (servant? butler?) let 
you in. It was awkward and uncomfortable. The servant/butler showed 
me to Ian’s room (okay, it was more like an apartment) which is detached 
from the house and even has its own entrance. When the butler/servant 
knocked on his door to let him know he had a visitor (unlike at my house 
where my brother just yells, “Hey Gabi! Little Ms. Teen-Mom (if it’s Cindy) or 
wannabe Shakespeare boyfriend (if it’s Martin) or Mr. Park-It-In-The-Rear 
(if it’s Sebastian) is here to see you!”), Ian opened the door—shirtless! I 
instantly, awkwardly, melted and gasped out loud. Ian obviously worked 
out and didn’t look like teenage boys were supposed to look like. He even 
had a tattoo on his chest! A stupid, idiotic tattoo of our high school name 
and mascot (a stallion) but a tattoo nonetheless. I stood there imagining 
what his chest must feel like. And was suddenly pulled out of my dreamlike 
state by his voice. 

“Hey, you came!” He smiled as he pulled on a T-shirt. 

I wonder if he knows how hot he is and if he had this all planned out 
to make me this uncomfortable. 

“Yeah,” I said and glanced around his room. His “room” has a 


bedroom, a workout room, bathroom and a den. He has a fucking den! 


211 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


I couldn’t believe that. I’ve always wanted a den. I shook my head and 
laughed a little bit. 

“So what did you want to talk about?” 

This is where my morning went comically awry. 

“Why don’t you come and sit over here?” He actually patted the bed. 
Patted the bed! Like he was calling a dog. 

It was like a scene from a cheesy teen flick where the guy is about 
to try and convince the poor unsuspecting girl to have sex by telling 
her she is very pretty, then lightly brushing a strand of hair from her 
face. And the stupid girl falls for it even though she suspects the hot 
boy is after one thing that can only be found in her pants, but she has 
somehow convinced herself that she is different. He couldn’t possibly 
be like that. He is way too nice and way too hot. Emphasis on hot. 

Having gained all of this knowledge from countless hours of 
cheesy teen flick watching, I still went and sat my ass down. 

“I know you have a boyfriend and all that, but I think you’re 
extremely beautiful, and I really like you. I wanted you to know that I 
think you deserve better than Martin.” 

And in the midst of wondering why he thought he was better than 
Martin and getting lost in the sea of cerulean that were his eyes, each of 


them calling me in deeper and deeper...the bastard did it. He brushed the 


ISABEL QUINTERO 212 


hair out of my face and kissed me. If 1 am being honest with myself, as this 
journal is the only place I can really be honest with myself, I definitely 
wanted to kiss him back. Maybe I did. Justa little bit, to see how he tasted. 
My body wanted it. Needed it. Really bad. I could feel it everywhere, my 
elbows, my chest, between my legs, mytoes. - 

But like the good semi-Catholic that I am, guilt immediately rushed 
over me, and limagined my poor Martin’s face hovering over us like some 
sort of sad ghost reminding me of my bad doings. That made me pull away. 
Fast. I was almost tempted to wipe my lips, but I didn’t. 

I was breathing a little heavily, but still managed to say, “Uhm... 
look...you have the wrong idea about me. I havea boyfriend. And he loves 
me. I mean you're hot, but I don’t like you like that. Sorry.” 

“Are you serious?” His face lost a little bit of its hotness. 

I could tell that this may have been the first time that the old brush- 
the-hair-from-the-face trick didn’t work. He had turned red, and I could 
tell he was embarrassed and pissed. 

“Yeah, look it was just a misunderstanding. It’s not a big deal. I’m 
flattered, but we should probably get going because the rest of the 
group will be here soon, and I don’t want them thinking something was 
happening that wasn’t happening. Please.” 


“Sure. Whatever.” 


Z2ES GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


The whole morning was really awkward after that, though the group 
got some work done. As we walked out the door, Ian apologized. I told 
him it was fine, to not worry about it, it never happened. And I really did 
think it was fine, but I’ve felt guilty all day. I don’t want to tell Martin 
because I don’t think there’s any point to it except hurting his feelings 
over something that was a stupid mistake. What I really feel guilty about 
is the fact that I liked how Ian kissed me. It was a very different kiss than 
the ones I've shared with Martin or even the ones I've shared with Eric. It 
was intense. The whole morning was intense. I don’t want to think about 


it anymore. Going to take a quick shower. 


Later... 

Just got back from shopping with Cindy. We had a really good time, 
and little Sabi behaved himself. Cindy did get a lot of stares from people 
though, and I even heard a woman say, “Another teen mom. Her poor 
mother, what she must be going through. I don’t know why girls today 
can't keep their legs closed.” I totally felt like telling her, “In your day, 
lady, girls were sent away for getting pregnant. Or worse, they were forced 
to marry and condemned to be miserable for the rest of their lives.” But 
I didn’t want to ruin a perfectly nice afternoon. After looking for the | 


perfect dress for what seemed like a hundred hours, Cindy ended up 


ISABEL QUINTERO 214 - 


buying the first dress she tried on. But I—being the above-average weight 
girl that I am—sadly couldn’t find anything to wear. None of the dresses 
I liked were available in plus sizes: they only came in “I-limit-myself-to- 
only-one-gordita” or “I-only-eat-lettuce” sizes. That is the main reason I 
hate shopping. a 

When I got home my mom asked how the shopping went, and I told 
her that Cindy found a cute dress, but I didn’t because I am super fat. She 
said that I was not super fat, but it wouldn’t hurt me to lose some weight. 
Thanks, Mom. She said that my godmother Sylvia knows a woman who sews 
and thatit would be a lot cheaper than buying one from the mall. I felt bad 
because I know she’s been working double shifts at the hospital where 
she works in the kitchen, but still we are barely making it. Even though my 
dad used to spend most of his money on meth, he'd still pitch in, and it 
made a difference. But now he’s gone, and there are two more mouths to 
feed: Ernie’s and tia Bertha’s. I have some money saved up from cleaning 
Rosemary’s house and birthdays, but I am running really low (most of it 
was spent on college applications, Thin Mints, and Caramel Delites), and I 
need to watch itifI am going to move for college. Plus, I won’t be cleaning 
Rosemary's house anymore since her kids sent her-to a convalescent home 
and are trying to sell her house. I couldn't believe it—I didn’t even know 


she had children who lived nearby because they never came to visit her. 


215 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


On the last day I went, she gave me some pie dishes and a box.of (very 
erotic) romance novels. I didn’t know that viejita was like that. I’m going ~ 
to miss her very much. My prom dress choices were dwindling, so I told my 
mom I'd go see the woman who sews. lomnoutie will be my first visit with 


this miracle worker of a seamstress—in Tijuana. Blah. 
April 17 


Tijuana was not the business. As usual. But I will be back next weekend 
to pick up the dress. Red and black, mid calf. Very 1960s. Very cute. Very 
cheap. Very big. Very me. 


April 19 


Easter came and went and I didn’t even notice. Since Beto and I stopped 
doing egg hunts, I’ve kind of lost interest. Obviously we are not very 
Catholic, but it would have been nice to know what day it was. I would 
have thought my tia Bertha would have reminded us, but she didn’t. She 
didn’t even go to church. She’s been off lately. Off even for her. 

Her and my dad were only a few years apart. I know that when they 
were growing up, they were very close. My dad would sometimes tell us — 


stories about all of her boyfriends that he had chased off by throwing 


ISABEL QUINTERO 216 


rocks at them or accidentally setting his dogs loose on them (this was 
before everyone thought she was a witch). He thought it was hilarious, 
but tia Bertha did not. My dad was such an animated storyteller. He’d 
stand up and act out the boyfriends’ reactions. It’s strange how I had 
forgotten about that part of my dad and-replaced those memories with 
only the ones of him as a ragged man who clung to life with calloused 
hands and dirty fingernails. But I have to remind myself that there was 
more to him than that. Because there was. My favorite story he told was 
the one about when he was crossing the border with my tio Isauro, and 
they were caught by Immigration, but only because my tio was so hungry, 
he had eaten some warm mangoes with chili and had gotten major chorro. 
My dad would always laugh his ass off as he painted the picture: it was 
Summer and the prison cells that the migra kept them in were super hot. 
“Everyone was sweating their balls off and your tio Isauro couldn't take 
it anymore! He started yelling at the guards, ‘;Hace un pinche calor! 
;‘Dejenos salir! ;No sean animales!’ But obviously no one listened, so your 
tio started taking his clothes off until he was butt naked! Some people 
laughed and others called him a pig, but your uncle didn’t care. He just lay 
there on the floor fanning himself until they let us go.” By the end of the 
story, I'd be holding my stomach from laughing so hard. My mom hated it 


when he told that story. It was her little brother after all. But I loved it. 


21/ GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


I think tia Bertha hasn’t been able to accept that my dad is gone. Her 
faith tells her that my dad is in Hell because of the way he lived his life. He © 
wasn’t the best father, he had several vices, he technically took his life, 
and he didn’t go to church. Her God—or the God her church has told her 
about—doesn’t forgive easily and is more of a punisher and less of a Lover 
than the God my mom has taught us about. She probably can’t reconcile 
the fact that she will not be reunited with him in the afterlife and won't 
accept that her brother will be suffering in flames of eternal damnation 
forever. A terrible thought. Good thing I don’t believe that. I can’t believe 
that. I'd rather believe the equally unlikely scenario that my dad has 
somehow morphed into an ethereal entity with ultra creepy spying powers 
and now has nothing better to do than watch over his family, making sure 


that they make better choices than he did. 
April 21 


Today during lunch, Georgina came up and thanked me. She told me not 
to worry, that it had been for the better and that I had done the right 
thing. It took me by surprise because Cindy and Sebastian were with me 
when she came up to me. After she left, they had a lot of questions about 


what the hell she meant. And since I didn’t know what to say and because I | 


ISABEL QUINTERO Bios : 


am a horrible liar, I made up some story about a burrito and spilled beans 
and helping her take it out with some soap in the girls’ bathroom a few 
weeks ago. I finally fessed up and said that I couldn’t tell them what she 
thanked me for and please don’t ask me anymore. 

“Look, guys. I don’t like keeping things from you, but this is none of 
my business. This is Georgina’s thing, and I didn’t mean to help her but it 
happened.” 

We argued for a bit because they hate it when I keep things from them. 
Especially when it involved Little Payasa. Eventually they agreed to letit go, 
but they were still visibly upset with me. Oh well. There was really nothing I 
could do. I changed the subject to prom—what we were wearing and where 
we were going to go eat. We decided ona French restaurant (which happens 
to have delicious pastries) and no limo. At least no limo for me and Martin. 
And Cindy. We are all on a budget, and I'd rather spend my money on fancy 


desserts than ona stupid car that is ridiculously way too long. 
April 22 


Fuck. Fuckity fuck fuck. Ian is the king of all assholes. He told Martin about 
what happened at his house. Except Iam sure he added some things that 


weren't true and didn’t tell the part about where I was like, “Thanks, but 


219 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


no thanks,” because after school Martin came to my house just to ask me if 
it was true and of course I had to tell him what happened. “I can’t believe ~ 
you would do that to me,” is all he said before he drove offin his van. And 
it looked like he had been crying. Ugh. Great, I've made a boy cry. I can 
totally check that off my things-to-do-to-make-sure-your-reputation-of- 
worst-girlfriend-ever-is-cemented list. I feel bad, but Martin also made 
me mad because his dumb ass didn’t give me a chance to tell him what 
really happened. Why is life so complicated? Why can’t we just kiss who 
we like when we like? Why are there so many rules? Argh! I hate my life! 


Insert sounds of sobbing teenage girl here. 


HAIKU FOR ROBERT BURNS 
Mr. Burns, you were right. 
Love is like a red red rose. 
Damn those prickly thorns. 


Went for a run, but the ice cream I ate afterwards helped a lot more. 
April 23 
Even though I don’t think I’m going to prom anymore, I still had to go pick 


up the stupid dress from that stupid seamstress. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 220 


Sylvia’s friend supposedly knows how to make dresses that make you 
look like a queen. At least that’s what Sylvia said. The problem is she lives on 
the other side of the border, and queens don’t live there. Or at least not any 
queen I want to look like. TJ—the only place those World Vision people ever 
seem to visit in Mexico. It’s not like I don’t like Mexico. I love Mexico. One 
year, when we were doing exceptionally well, and my dad wasn’t spending 
all his money on drugs, we got to go on a family vacation to Guanajuato. 
It was beautiful. So much history, so much culture, and so much lemon- 
flavored ice cream made in wooden buckets and sold all over the place. I 
remember asking my mom if we could live there—but notin this border city, 
this Tijuana, this U.S.-created hellhole with a fence that cages people in 
like animals, a visible humiliation that lets the world know who is in charge. 
This is the first impression people get when they leave the country. And this 
place is where my prom dress came from. I did not have high hopes to begin 
with, but later was depressingly more disappointed than I could have ever 
imagined—my dress a perfect representation of the border. 

Lucha—the magical maker of dresses—sewed in a house that smelled 
of cats and cigarettes. Except there were no cats, and she swore she 
didn’t smoke. She was obviously lying. No house could smell that bad 
of cigarettes without somebody smoking a least a pack a day. When we 


showed up to that pigsty of a house, she said the dress wasn't ready. 


221 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Sylvia was mad, “;Para que te pagamos si no iba estar listo?” 

Why did we pay her if the dress wasn’t going to be ready? Good ~ 
question. Nothing we could do though, except shop while Lucha put the 
finishing touches on the dress. We went to El Centro Commercial. Small 
clothing boutiques, paletearias, lingerie stores, gift shops and lots of 
places to eat. 

Sylvia asked me, “;Tienes hambre?” 

Is the Pope Catholic? 

Never ask the fat girl if she is hungry. She’s hungry. She’s always 
hungry. Even if she is not, she is, because food is safe and controllable 
and soothing and salty and sweet, and it doesn’t scream at you or make 
you feel bad unless you are trying on clothes. We ate at Tac’s. Like always. 
Tac’s is a tradition whenever we go to Tijuana. Tac’s is the only thing I 
really like about the place. Tacos, huaraches, sopes, tortas, and gorditas. 
Only the bare essentials are served at Tac’s. I got up to the register and 
placed my usual order, “Un huarache de asada y dos tacos de buche.” 
Eagerly I wait for my fix of dead cow flank and pig esophagus and then it 
happened... 

“Are you sure you want to eat all that?” Buzz kill. Grillman who 
outweighs me by at least 200 pounds seeks to give me nutritional advice. » 


“Si. I felt my face fire up. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 222 


What else was I supposed to say? “Sorry, Fat Boy, does that seem like 
_ too much? WillI be leaving too little for you to eat later?” Iate my huarache 
and dos tacos de buche in silence. To top off the delightful afternoon, 
we picked up unmentionables at Mirdyss, a store middle-aged Mexican 
women swear by. Mirdyss is known for their underwear and bras that lift, 
tuck, separate, hide, squish, straighten and flatten all that needs lifting, 
tucking, hiding, squishing, straightening and flattening—as painfully as 
possible. This is what Sylvia picked out for me: white bra with one-and-a- 
half inch-straps. Underarm fat pulled in and pushed to front. End result: 
pointy boobs. Dangerous weapons. If I ever decide to actually wear these 
medieval torture devices, I’ll make sure to wear a sign around my neck 
that reads: “Beware of Boobs” or “Danger: Impaling May Occur.” But I'll 
just burn it later and save myself from certain injury. 

When we got back to Lucha’s house, she had finished the dress. I 
tried it on and it was too tight. It may have been the tacos, or it may have 
been the huarache, or it may have been the fact that Lucha was the worst 
seamstress in the world. When she saw it didn’t close, she smirked at us 
and said, “You were in a hurry.” I was pissed. Not only did it not fit, but the 
design was all wrong. I could easily win the world’s prettiest pinata contest. 

“Pues, es que estas media gordita, mija,” Lucha said when she saw 


my face. 


223 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


Sylvia stepped in before I shoved a roll of satin down her throat. We 
were both angry. We left the shack and the stench of cats that didn’t exist — 
and cigarettes that were never smoked. Left the country. Back to the U.S. 
as fast as Sylvia’s avocado green Ford could take us. 

I wanted a hamburger. Double scoop of coconut pineapple and Rocky 
Road. Hot Cheetos with lemon and hot sauce. A huge dark chocolate bar. 
A carne asada taco 0 torta o las dos cosas. Some beef jerky. Anything. I 
thought about all the food I would eat later as we drove back, straight 
past the juggling kids, the fruit vendors, covijas por veinte ddlares, the 
crippled, mangled and poverty-stricken populace quien nos despedia de 


México lindo y querido. 
April 25 


I tried to talk to Martin today at school, and he said he needed some 
time to think about things, that he’d come by my house later today. He 
should be here at any minute. The more I think about it, the more Martin 
is getting on my nerves. So maybe I did want Ian to kiss me. But Martin 
doesn’t know that, so why the hell is he so pissed off? He needs to get 


over it. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 224 


Later... 

It turns out Ian is a bigger asshole than I thought. He told Martin 
that I asked if I could go over to his house early because I had something 
to show him, and then I threw him on the bed and started trying to make 
out with him. Next time I see him, I will make sure to kick him in the balls. 
Or at least trip him. Or maybe just tell him off, because who am I kidding? 
Besides the time I smacked Georgina for saying shit about my dad, I’ve 
never hit anyone. I told Martin the truth (well, most of it) and how I 
told Ian that I wasn’t interested and that he got all offended. And then 
Martin apologized for thinking I would do something like that, that he 
knew I wasn’t like that and that he overreacted. I told him he did totally 
overreact. But now I am wondering what he meant by like that? Iam back 
to feeling guilty because I kind of am like that. Oh my God, what is wrong 


with me?! 
April 29 


My mom totally surprised me today. After school she asked if I wanted 
to go to Costco with her, and I was like, “Free samples? I am totally in!” 
But instead of going to Costco, she took me to the mall to look for a prom 


dress! She said that Sylvia had told her all about Lucha and Tijuana and 


£25 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


the horrible pifiata dress and that she had seen that there were some 
good sales this week at the mall and that maybe we could find something. 
This was so un-momlike. In fact I was a little anxious—at first. Whenever 
we have gone shopping together, she ends up making me feel bad about 
everything I try on, saying it’s too tight or “It looks nice, but it would 
look better if...” It’s a bit of a stressful situation shopping with my mom. 
But I needed a dress, and she seemed to be in a good mood, so I figured 
it couldn’t be that bad. And I was right. We spent the whole afternoon 
shopping, and I actually found a dress that didn’t make me look like I was 
full of candy, and I looked pretty darn cute if I do say so myself. My mom 
even said I looked beautiful, which really means a lot to me even though 
I try to hide it. In the evening, we had dinner at this seafood place. I 
was so happy we shopped before we ate because I stuffed my face with 
a whole mojarra frita and some delicious seafood rice. This is the thing 
about eating with my mom, Iam always waiting for the hammer to fall. For 
the criticisms, for the warnings, for the speeches on diabetes, backaches, 
high cholesterol and looking good—for the speeches about making sure 
to look good if you want to find a good husband that I have been hearing 
since I was like ten and still thought boys were stupid. But today, those 
Speeches were absent. It was nice. I wonder if this is what “normal” 


mother-daughter relationships are like. 


[ISABEL QUINTERO 226 


May 2 


Time needs to slow down. Prom is in two weeks, and after that it’s the 
senior dinner-dance, and then it’s grad night, and then it’s graduation. 
And then that is it—good-bye Ms. Abernard. Good-bye brother who gets 
on my damn nerves but who I still love with all my heart. And good-bye 
Pepe’s House of Wings. Okay, not really good-bye Pepe’s House of Wings 
because I looked it up, and there is one up north, but I bet it won’t 
have the same look or the same sketchy people (such as man-asking- 
for-change-with-his-family or my mom’s old friend who has gotten too 
friendly with the bottle but still feels the need to tell me to cut down 
on my wing consumption) hanging around in the parking lot. Oh, Santa 


Maria de los Rosales, how I will miss you. 
May 3 


This would be the part of the movie where I become a bad-ass bitch, like 
Zoe Saldana, in that movie Colombiana, where her thirst for vengeance 
cannot be satiated until she kills the man responsible for the death of her 
family—patiently waiting and destroying everything he loves until she 
gets to his sorry, disgusting ass. 


Sometimes, everything seems like a movie to me. Like we are somehow 


221 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


detached from a reality that happens outside of our city limits. Earlier this 
year there was a story on the news about a girl who had gotten drunk ata 
party, like totally shit-faced drunk. Semi-typical teenage thing, I guess, 
though I don’t do that. But I know a lot of people who do. This girl was 
then raped by several members of the football team who texted pictures to 
their friends and posted about it. This is not a semi-typical teenage thing 
to do. At all. But this happened far away, so I thought things like this only 
happen far away. Things like that don’t happen in Santa Maria—sure we 
have major drug problems, poverty, burglary issues and the occasional 
visit from the dumb-ass Neo-Nazis from Stupidville about twenty miles 
away. But those idiots (usually) only make their visits to the Home Depot 
where the day laborers are waiting to get picked up to go to work. So we 
have those kinds of problems here. But rape, I never hear about rape. So 
I stupidly, and happily, assumed that that was one crime that we could be 
proud to say didn’t happen in our city. But I was 300% wrong about that. 
German raped Cindy. She told us tonight when we were over at her 
place just hanging out and talking about prom and joking about people 
having sex in their parents’ back seat, and I made some dumb comment 
about her and German, and she started crying. I was like Oh shit, I 
crossed the line again. And that’s when she told us what really happened 


that night. She said she was a little drunk when German and her started 


ISABEL QUINTERO 228 


making out in the car, and he started pulling up her dress, and she was 
all for it at first, but then she changed her mind, and he said that she 
had already said yes, and she couldn’t say no and that was that. She said 
he didn’t hit her or treat her badly, but he held her down, and she cried 
the whole time. I didn’t know what to say. And neither did Sebastian. I 
mean what can you say to your friend who just finished telling you she was 
raped? There is no Hallmark card for that. And the /’m sorrys we sputtered 
sounded ridiculously unfitting for such an occasion. We just hugged her 
and tried to convince her to call the police, but she said there was no 
point. He didn’t beat her or anything, and no one would believe her. 

The whole way home I just kent thinking about what I've heard all my 
life from my mom and other women whenever boys have done something 
stupid and/or wrong: “Boys will be boys,” and what a load of bullshit that 


is. had to write about it. 


INSTRUCTIONS FOR UNDERSTANDING WHAT BOYS WILL 
BE BOYS REALLY MEANS 


1. You're wearing that little dress tonight? Remember, boys 
will be boys, so be careful. 

2. If you drink way too much, your body is fair game—for 
anyone or anyones. Boys will be boys, and you just made 
it easier. 


229 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


3. When a girl says no, you might want to consider your 
position. I don’t think she meant yes. But I’m a girl, so 
what do I know? But because boys will be boys, you don’t 
really have to think about it. 

4. If she is crying, that is definitely a sign that she means 
no. But since you are an asshole, you won't give it a 
second thought, so proceed. She was wearing that little 
dress (remember?), and boys will be boys, after all. 
That's what our parents say. 

5. It’s not rape if she said yes first. Everyone knows that. 
She’s your girlfriend and obviously she knows that boys 
will be boys, otherwise she wouldn't have teased you. 

6. Because boys will be boys, he’s not going to use a 
condom (he likes the real deal), so you might just get 
pregnant. But hopefully, you won’t get AIDS or herpes or 
chlamydia. So you should feel good about that. Besides, 
babies are cute. 

7. If he doesn’t beat you up, then it’s not really rape. 
Everyone knows that too. Also, he wasn’t a stranger. He 
was someone you cared about, just a boy being a boy. 

8. Remember how your mother warned you that boys only 
want one thing from you? Well, it’s not your straight 
A's or your excellent drawing skills or your extensive 
knowledge of action films. It’s the thing you have 
guarded (hint: it’s between your legs) your whole life 
from everyone: your cousin who came to stay for two 
weeks, your strange uncle Tony, that teacher in the 2nd 
grade—they were all just boys being boys. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 230 


9. It’s your fault. Even if you’re disabled, old or young. You 
should know better. 
10. Boys will be boys. 


May 5 


a 


Cinco de Mayo! Woo! Another holiday where people get to use sombreros 
and fake mustaches as proof of their understanding and commitment to 
learning about my heritage. I mean, I love fake mustaches as much as 
anyone—they’re pretty hilarious—but I don’t think I’ve seen a Mexican in 
a handlebar mustache since Emiliano Zapata. The last person I saw who 
wore a sombrero in his day-to-day life was my abuelito Isauro, and he was 
super old, and he is now super dead. Not that we don’t wear them—we 
do. But, come on. There has to be more to us than that. Between all those 
mustaches and sombreros and wanting to kill German for what he did for 
Cindy and worrying about prom, I’m ready to give up on life. Not really, but 
I do need to pass my Algebra II class or Berkeley will ask me to stay the 
hell out because they don’t let people step foot on their campus who don't 
know howto do quadratic equations. I think part of why I can’t concentrate 
on stupid math is that my mom is totally guilting me about even thinking 
about leaving. Mexican moms are so good at the whole guilt trip thing. 


It’s like they're required to take a class in it before they gave birth. She 


231 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


says she needs me around. “What if your tia Bertha gets tired of staying 
here? Or she finds a boyfriend?” I tell her, “The day that tia Bertha gets a 
boyfriend is the day I give up Hot Cheetos. It's not going to happen.” Then 
she pulls out the big guns: the what-good-girls-do and what-bad-girls-do 
card. She will forever think of me as bad when I leave. I know that. Like I 
did it on purpose to hurt her. And I can’t help but wonder if that in fact will 
make me a bad daughter? She says that only White girls take off like that 
because they don’t care about leaving their families. “A las gabachillas les 
gusta andar de locas, por eso se van de sus casas.” This is her response 
whenever I mention moving away. I don’t think that White girls move away 
because they want to abandon their families and want to be free to have 
wild monkey sex whenever they please. In fact, I am 100% certain that 
Mexican girls like having wild monkey sex too. Actually, I think that having 
wild monkey sex may be on the mind of many teenage girls. Hormones— 
and things like hate and love—know no boundaries when it comes to race 
and gender. I think that all we want is to be free. I also worry that college 
will be too hard. What if I don’t make it? What if everyone is smarter than 
me, and I don’t know what the professors are talking about? What if this fat 
girl doesn’t have what it takes in college, and all of a sudden I’m covered 
in pig’s blood because my mom was right, and all they do is laugh at me? 


Okay, Gabi, chill. Things I need to cut down on: 


ISABEL QUINTERO 232 


1. Beef jerky after midnight. 
2. Stephen King novels that involve controlling mothers and 
buckets of pig’s blood. 


May 6 


r 


Took an Algebra II practice quiz today and did alright. Next Friday is another 
quiz. It’s our last chapter test before our final exam. If I can keep doing this 
well, I will have no problem passing the class. This is definitely due to all 
the time Sebastian has spent tutoring me. It’s been worth having to hear 
all about his stupid boyfriend and all their screwing around. To be honest, I 
have been a little jealous. I’ve been wondering if Martin and I will have sex 
sometime. How would that be? I don’t think I want him to see me naked, I 
mean, eww gross. Sometimes I don’t want to see myself naked. Sometimes 
the mirror is my enemy. I mean, I would never dare ask it who the fairest of 
them allis because I know the response would make me weep. But sometimes 
I feel okay about how I look and even think, I’d tap that, why not? 

Maybe it will be like the movies. Cut to Gabi's first time: “Something” 
by the Beatles playing softly in the background of a dim candlelit room, 
with a huge heart-shaped bed and chilled sparkling cider (that’s what it 
would have to be since neither of us drink, but both of us like apple cider). 


Martin would hold my hand, and we’d jump on the bed and go under the 


233 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


covers only to resurface moments later, content and satisfied. But how 
long, Idon’t know. Ten minutes? Twenty minutes? An hour? How long does 
it really last? I mean, I know movies have to do major editing due to time 
constraints. This is something I have to look up. Now that I think about 
it, I think I saw the heart-shaped bed in a Muppet’s movie or something. 
Great—how I imagine my first time stems from Miss Piggy’s (a muppet’s!) 
life. SMH. I am so over-thinking this. That’s my problem. I think about 
these things way too much. But these very important issues were never 
addressed in sex ed. And it wasn’t like we could ask the teacher—that 
would have been totally embarrassing. I feel like Margaret in Judy 
Blume’s Are You There God, It’s Me Margaret? Except instead of waiting for 
my period, I am waiting for my first time to see a boy naked. I wonder if 
this is normal? Probably not good in any case. Argh!!! FML. Seriously. 
Onatotally unsex-related note, Ms. Abernard has asked usto bring our 
best five poems from the year on Monday. The class will finally be putting 
together Black Cloud (our anthology), and then we will be having a reading 
where the whole school will have the option to attend. Most folks won’t 
go (I imagine), but some will (she even invited the superintendent!), so 
I want to be ready. Martin is coming over this weekend, and we are going 
to go over poems and choosing which ones we should turn in and which . 


ones we should leave out. I quess that wasn’t as unsex- related as I hoped. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 234 


May 7 


My mom asked me to invite Martin for breakfast this morning for 
chilaquiles. She seems to really like him, or maybe she’s happy that there 
is at least one candidate for my hand in marriage. He came over, and we 
all had breakfast together: Mom, Beto, tia Bertha, Ernie, Martin and me. 
It felt good to be surrounded by people you love and who love you—like 
after all the crap we've been through this year, things are finally looking 
up. I don’t want to get too comfortable though because it’s just like us to 
be feeling good when all of a sudden massive amounts of shit fall into our 
laps, and it’s time for major clean up. 

After breakfast, Martin and I started searching through poems, 
but we got so caught up in poetry that suddenly it was 5:30. Martin was 
supposed to be home like an hour before that. Luckily, his dad won't flip 
out as long as he calls and tells him where he is at. Part of it is because 
his dad is way more mellow than my mom, and the other part is probably 
because he is a boy. This is part of the “boys will be boys” mantra that 
we live by. Like my brother doesn’t have the same rules I do even though 
I’m older and obviously more responsible (and mature). For example: the 
other day he was going to go out with this girl and my mom didn't even 


ask to meet her, all she said was, “Make sure you take a condom with you.” 


235 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


When I started dating Eric, she wanted to meet his parents right away (I 
had to beg her to not do that because it wasn’t like we were planning a 
wedding or anything). Before I could go out with Martin (on a real date), 
he had to come over and meet her. “So if something happens to you, I know 
how to describe him to the police,” was her response when I asked her why. 
But my brother is going out with some girl (she could easily be a serial 
killer, a fugitive, forty years old—or twelve years old for all we know) and 
all she says is, “Make sure you take a condom with you?” Really, Mom, what 
the hell is that all about? Obviously, I didn’t say that out loud because I’m 
no dummy, but I sure did think it. Although I was going to call her out on 
her hypocrisy, I figured there was no point. She was only going to say, “It’s 
different. Beto is a boy, sid they can't help it. Besides, you have more to 
lose than him.” So Ijust kept my mouth shut. 

By the time Martin had to leave, we had picked our poems for Monday. 
It feels good to be prepared with at least one assignment finished ahead 
of time. Now for my English essay on Beowulf, my letter to my senator for 
government and homework for Algebra IT. So much to do. I don’t know 


how Cindy does it with the baby. 


[ISABEL QUINTERO 236 


May 9 


Good day at school. Had yogurt with Sebastian and his boyfriend and 
then got home. Turns out my essay on Beowulf wasn’t due until Thursday, 
which means I am ahead of schedule (for the first time in my entire school 
career). So now I have some extra time to do other things, like write a 
poem about love. Usually I hate love poems—they’re corny and flowery 
and so blah. But Martin’s been giving me some to get me to change my 
mind about them. He gave me the Robert Burns poem, and he gave me 
a few sonnets by William Shakespeare, but so far my favorite love poem 
has been by Pablo Neruda, “Tonight I Can Write.” There’s something about 
the poem that is so sad but so romantic, and I think I know how Pablo felt 
when he wrote it. I was so moved by the poem, I thought I would write 


one for Martin. 


LOVE POEM INSPIRED BY MARTIN (AND ROBERT BURNS) 
Do not forget about the thorns on the roses 

when you say that love is like a red red rose. 

Why can’t it be like a white rose? 

Or a pink rose? 

Or a yellow rose? 

Roses are so hard to get to, 

so hard to pick. 

You have to use gloves 


23/ GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


or risk 

your skin 

to get at them. 

Is that what you meant, Mr. Burns? | 
That because roses are so hard to get at 
that love must be like a rose. 


What about geraniums? 


Love is like a white geranium. 
It grows like a weed 
overpowering the ground— 
if you don’t take care of it 
prune it 

shape it 

it climbs walls 

and hides 

insects 

that slowly eat at it 

making it die. 

Easily grown 

and easily withered. 


Yes, Mr. Burns, I think love is like a stubborn geranium. 


Not very Pablo Neruda-like, but it’s how I feel. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 238 


May 11 


P-Day is almost here. Prom. I didn’t think I’d be this excited about it, but I 
am. I don’t even know why—I mean, I know why, but still. Cindy and I have 
make-up appointments at the malland for hair we are going to my neighbor 
who said she would charge us cheap. Okay, I’m lying to myself—I know 
exactly why Iam getting all nervous and excited. Things have been getting 
extremely serious with Martin. Like really serious and hot and heavy. What 
if we go all the way at prom? I know I need to be ready. I need some sort 
of anti-pregnancy plan. Obviously, Iam not taking birth control. My mom 
would flip, and I’d probably get kicked out. I’ve heard some girls talk about 
“pulling out,” but that seems risky and messy from what I've read online. 
And how do you even ask someone to do that? Ew. So that leaves condoms. 
But shouldn’t he buy those on his own? I know I'd be too embarrassed to 
buy them. But what if I did? And what if he doesn’t even want to have sex 
with me, and here I am with a box of condoms and...I can’t even think 
about that. I am pretty sure he wants to though. A few weeks ago we were 
making out, and he actually felt my boob for the first time, and I was a little 
shocked, but I tried not to let it show. It got a little awkward because he 
asked if it was okay. I mean I was totally into it, so obviously it was okay. 


The more I thought about it, the more I’m glad he asked and didn’t just 


239 GABI, AGIKL IN PIECES 


assume. I kind of wanted him to go further than he was going, but I didn't 
say anything because I thought that I would have seemed way too slutty. 
Right? It’s hard enough to have those thoughts in my own head, away from 
the public, keeping everyone safe, because girls are not supposed to think 
that way. But then, as if by magic, my doubt of whether or not my thoughts 
were normal was put to rest. Today in Algebra II, boys were joking about 
jacking off (which was really making me uncomfortable because as much as 
I think about sex stuff in my mind, I don’t really want to talk about it with 
everyone, but I didn’t know how to tell them to shut up without sounding 
lame, so I didn’t). What the boys were really trying to do was gross us out, 
and it was kind of working. Finally, Debby Allan (one of the students with 
the highest grades in the class) got tired of them and said, “Well, don’t 
feel so special, everyone does that. Girls just don’t admit it because if we 
did people would think we’re sluts instead of normal human beings.” And 
then she looked at me and said, “Right, Gabi?” I could feel my face turn red 
as I said very quietly, “I don’t,” and turned back to my assignment. Either 
way my answer proved her point. Still, I don’t feel comfortable talking 
about things like that in public. I don’t think sex is bad, but I’m not about 
to admit how much I want to have sex with Martin. I’m not about to tell 
everyone, “Hey, guess what, guys? My boyfriend grabbed my boob, and I 


liked it! If he tries to get a little further next time, I am soooo gonna let 


ISABEL QUINTERO 240 


him! How about that? Stay tuned for the next edition of The Adventures of 


Gabi’s Vagina, now in 3D and IMAX!” Yeah, that’s not gonna happen. 
May 13 


High five me! Another A on my math quiz! Sebastian is truly a math genius 
and a life saver. 

After school I did something either stupid or smart. Not sure yet. I 
finally decided that if there was any possibility of Martin and me having 
sex, I had to be safe and went out and bought condoms. I didn’t tell Cindy 
because she would be mad at me, and I would probably get a whole lecture 
on why sex is bad. She still thinks that what German did was her fault and 
that that’s how boys are. I’ve tried to tell her that Martin is not like that 
at all, and she’s like, “That’s what you think.” So I just stay away from that 
subject. Sebastian, on the other hand, would probably want to give me 
tips, and that would be kind of weird as I don’t think it works the same 
way for both of us. The only person I could trust in this situation would 
be Georgina, and I haven't really held a conversation with her since after 
she solved her problem. I went to the Stuffix Pharmacy right after school 
and prayed it would be empty. And it was. Georgina was the only person 


working, and she had just gotten there. 


241 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


“What? Don’t tell me you need a pregnancy test too? That'd be three 
in a row for our class.” She was joking but looked worried at the same time. 

“No! Of course not. But look...I need...well...I want...” I didn't even 
know how to say it. 

I was in total lobster mode at this point, and she just started 
laughing, “What? Do you have a yeast infection?” 

“Ewww! Gross! Isn’t that something that old ladies get? No. I...never 
mind.” 

I was just about to turn around when she said, “Oh my God, are you 
looking for condoms?” 

“What?” 

“You want Aisle Three.” 

“What?” 

“3Estas sorda? Aisle Three.” She spoke louder and more slowly. 

I walked over to Aisle Three and sure enough, there were the rubber 
gods in all their splendor—the thin veil of latex that would seemingly 
protect my unfertilized eggs from Martin’s fertilizing crazed sperm. 
They were flavored, textured, magnum (whatever that meant—perhaps 
offering maximum strength) and came in various bright neon colors. 
My mind raced: Why would I want flavored condoms? I am so not putting 


anything that would go in a condom in my mouth. Gross. And I didn’t 


ISABEL QUINTERO 242 


know there were different sizes! Ugh. I thought this was a one-size-fits- 
_allsituation. But alas, this poor ignorant maiden was confronted with too 
_ many choices. It was like my first time at Del Taco all over again: everything 
had its potential upsides, but everything also had the potential to be a 
horribly gut-wrenching mistake. . 

I was just about to give up and walk away when another customer 
walked in with a crying baby. As Iturned and looked her way, the pregnancy 
tests next to the condoms caught my eye and forced me to confront the 
consequences of being a big wuss and not buying the condoms. If I wasn’t 
prepared for a potential sexual rendezvous on prom night—or any other 
night for that matter—I could be in the same boat as Cindy or Georgina or 
my mom. And that is not anywhere near where I want to be at this moment 
in my life. I want to go to college. I want to be free. I want to move out 
of this one-horse town. Gabi, I said to myself, you do not need a baby in 
your life. Isucked it up, grabbed a medium and hoped for the best. Driving 
home, sweaty and red-faced, all I thought about was where I would hide 
my new companions and about the Milano cookies under my bed that I was 


about to devour. Oddly enough, I was also in the mood for some Del Taco. 


243 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


May 14 


Holy shit. Yup. That’s the kind of morning I’m having. Yesterday I was so 
stressed about not knowing what size condoms to buy at the pharmacy that 
I zoned out. In fact, I zoned out so much that I didn’t notice that after (or 
maybe before?) the arrival of the customer with the crying baby, my tia 
Bertha had walked into the pharmacy and had seen me make my purchase. 
She didn’t say anything when I got home last night, but this morning, 
when I was taking out the trash, she cornered me in the back yard. 

“Buenos dias, Gabi.” 

“Good morning, tia.” 

Awkward silence. 

“So you have a big night tonight, ;verdad? Lots of fun and dancing 
with your little boyfriend.” 

“Yup.” 

The whole time she’s giving me this weird look that’s making me real 
uncomfortable. And I can feel that some sort of storm is coming, but I 
don’t know when or what kind. 

And then it hits. And I realize that it is a major Level Five shitstorm. 

“I saw you at the farmacia yesterday.” 


Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck, I think, I’m dead. She's going to tell my mom 


ISABEL QUINTERO 244 


/ 


and after the, “See, that’s why I don’t want you hanging out with Cindy! 
You want to go to college to be like some easy gabacha, and you've 
starting practicing now!” tirade, she will take me out back and sacrifice 
me to an ancient god and pray I am reincarnated as a good daughter ora 
goldfish. At the least, I will be forbidden to leave the house and definitely 
not allowed to move out. But I try to play dumb. Maybe my tia had just 
seen me walk out of the pharmacy and didn’t even notice my purchase. 

“Wh...huh?” 

“I saw what you were buying too. Little globitos.” 

Balloons. She saw me buying the freaking balloons. 

“Oh...those weren't for me, tia.” Technically that was nota lie. 

“Don't worry, I’m not going to tell your mom. That’s your business. 
I admire that you are being careful and protecting yourself. Very smart. I 
wish I would have thought of that when I was young, and I wouldn’t have 
gotten...anyway I’m not telling your mom. ButI want you to remember that 
God will know. He will know what you did...or what you do. He knows every 
sin you commit, and he will be watching you. I want you to be thinking 
about that tonight before you do any cochinadas that might condemn you 
to Hell. Because you don’t want to go to Hell, mi‘ja. Do you?” 

She came towards me with her hand extended, and I flinched. But she 


just patted my shoulder. She walked away and left me out there shocked 


245 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


and contemplating what it was she had “gotten” and about how God may be 
watching me have sex tonight and how creepy that thought was and how I pray 


to God she won't tell my mom—otherwise this may be my last journal entry. 
May 15 


Oh my God! It is 4:30 a.m. Ijust got yelled at for coming in two hours later than 
I was supposed to, even though I called. But it doesn’t matter, it was worth 
the yelling. 

Prom was so much fun! Martin picked me up on time. After dinner we got 
to the train station (this year’s theme seemed to be a mix of barnyard fun and 
alien adventure). We danced all night long to every kind of musicthe DJ played. 
I didn’t even know Martin week dance. Afterwards, we were all going to eat but 
decided not to because I was really afraid of breaking curfew. Martin dropped 
Cindy off and then was going to drop me off, but we still had some time before 1 
had to get home so we drove around talking about school, college, poetry and 
a bunch of other things. It turned out that there was no one at his house this 
weekend because his dad had taken off to Tijuana for a baptism. I was feeling 
daring and asked Martin if we could go to his house. His eyes got a little big, 
and I could tell he was getting nervous and that made it more exciting. 


“Um...yeah. But there isn’t anyone home so it'd just be us.” 


ISABEL QUINTERO 246 


“T know.” 

mit) | Se 

I didn’t really know what was going to happen. Maybe we would just make 
out. Maybe we would go all the way. Maybe we would just read poems. But 
something was going to happen. When we got tg his house, he turned on one 
of the lamps in the living room. We sat on the couch for a bit and talked. Then 
he leaned in to kiss me. At that moment I wasn’t too fat, I wasn’t too white, 
I wasn't bad, I was just me. He asked if I was sure it was okay, and I said yes 
and we went from there. My brain forgot all about the negatives and let the 
lower half of my body take control of what was happening. I was nervous. I 
immediately realized that it was not like the movies at all. There was no way 
you could get things done under sheets, and there was no easy smooth way to 
take off your clothes. Buttons take time. And while we struggled with clothes, 
I couldn’t stop thinking about what my tia Bertha had said about God looking 
down on us. Was he watching right now? And would I get sent to Hell? Was I 
behaving like some sex-crazed White girl like my mom was worried about? Did 
race have anything to do with the fact that all I wanted was to take Martin's 
pants off, but his shoes were getting in the way? I didn’t know, and I soon 
forgot about all that. 

Afterwards I realized that it didn’t seem as satisfying (it hurt at 


first—not I’m-going-to-die pain, but it was not Rocky-Road-ice-cream 


247 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


either) as it does in the movies, and it was a lot messier than I would ever 
have imagined. Damn you, Hollywood! I’m sure this was because it was 
our first time. I hope it was because it was our first time. Martin held me 
for a while in his arms, and it was the best feeling ever. But then it turned 
to the worst feeling ever when we realized that it was super late, and I was 
like, “Oh shit. My mom is going to kill me!” 

He drove me home and walked me to my door. My mom was there. After 
she got done yelling at him for not bringing me back on time and after he left, 
she let me have it. 

“-Quien sabe en donde andabas! I was worried! You said ten minutes 
and that was forty-five minutes ago! ;No vas a salir toda esta semana y no 
telefono! No phone! None. And don’t even think about asking to go out this 
week or weekend. Don’t even think about it.” 

I didn’t even argue back. I was feeling content. Am I a bad girl because 
I don't feel that guilty? Probably. But the thing is, I am starting to care less 
about that badness. 

[had to write this down. Can’t stop thinking about what just happened 
and thinking about what Martin may be thinking about. I left the unopened 
box of condoms in my tia Bertha’s purse with a note that read, “Didn’t need 
them after all.” 


Martin had been prepared. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 248 


May 16 


Tia Bertha hugged me this morning and said that she was so proud of me 
and that God is proud of me too. That she had prayed that I would make 
the right choice and that this was proof that God really listened to her. 
I just smiled and nodded my head. I hurried and left for school. I didn’t 
tell Cindy or Sebastian about what had happened between me and Martin, 
and I’m not sure if I want to. I don’t want the lecture that is sure to follow. 
Cindy will be mad. Sebastian will probably want all the details, and I don’t 
think I want to share anything with him because even if it did feel kind of 
good, part of me wonders if we did it right. I mean it was my first time, and 
there is no handbook, which means I could have technically been doing 
it wrong and would have no freaking clue. Plus, there are things I want 
to keep private. Also, since I hadn’t talked to Martin since it happened 
(because I’m grounded), I didn’t know how he was feeling. I was worried 
that it would be really awkward because now that my hormones aren't all 
over the place, I realized that he saw me NAKED! OMG! Another person has 
seen me naked. What if he was like, Oh gross! I didn’t know this is what was 
under the hood! What if he regretted it? I was so worried and mad at myself 
at the same time (because why am I so worried about what others think 


about how I look?) that I was giving myself a headache. When I finally got 


249 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


to school and found my comrades, I saw that Martin had bought me some 
flowers and a card (an after-sex card? Was I supposed to get him one? 
There should really be a handbook.) Inside the card read: 

“Gabi, I love you.” | 

And then the bastard rewrote Shakespeare’s Sonnet 130. He is so 


freaking cheesy. 


My mistress’ eyes are everything like the sun; 

Coralis pale compared to how her lips are red; 

If snow be white, why then her breasts are snow; 

If others hairs be wires, upon her head soft brown filament. 
I have seen roses damasked, red and white, 

And brighter roses see I in her cheeks; 

And in no perfumes is there more delight 

Than in the breath that of my mistress when she speaks. 

I love to hear her speak, and well I know 

That no music hath more a pleasing sound; 

I grant I never saw a goddess go; 

My mistress when she glides her feet just touch the ground. 
And, by heaven, I know my love more rare 

As any she belied with false compare. 


ISABEL QUINTERO LOU .. 


May 19 


My moments of bliss have ended. I thought teachers would be laying off 
the work because we are graduating, but they’re not. We have another 
essay due in English, a chapter to outline in government, math homework, 
physics, Spanish—and let’s not forget all about the reading for our poetry 
anthology tomorrow. 


Head is spinning. I feel like I’m going to throw up. 
May 20 


Ms. Abernard did a really good job with the anthology. The first-ever issue 
of Black Cloud Review was full of awesome poetry from our class—and also 
artand photographs from Mr. Taylor’s classes. We got to pick the art pieces 
that went in it. Of course, I had to pick some of Sebastian's art. One was a 
landscape drawing of Skyline, and the other was a photograph of two guys 
holding hands. There was a lot of argument over that photograph. 

Clementino Noriega had said, “I don’t want no fucking picture of two 
fags in the magazine. That’s stupid. Why do we have to do whatever gays 
tell us to do?” 

First off: Clementino is an idiot. Secondly: When do gay people tell us 


to do things? When? When they ask for equal rights? That’s not so much 


251 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


telling us to do things as sticking to the promise of everyone is created 
equal. I had never seen Ms. Abernard so pissed. She’s usually really laid 
back, but Clementino’s stupidity brought out the monster within, I guess. 
She didn’t yell at him, but she sure did put him in his place, telling him that 
if all he had to add to our anthology was ignorance and hate, then perhaps 
his voice and opinions were not needed or desired. Then she wrote him a 
referral for using foul language, and I heard her mutter under her breath 
(because I was sitting right next to her desk when this all went down), ”... 
and if I could give him one for being a fucking idiot, I'd do that too.” I don't 
know if anyone else heard her, but if they did, no one said anything. I so 
did not realize that teachers cussed or that they didn’t like some of their 
students. At that moment, Ms. Abernard became my new hero. 

There were so many people at the reading: administrators, teachers, 
students—and our parents. Ms. Abernard had invited our families without 
telling us. For some of us, this was too much. A few students said that 
they wouldn't be able to read out loud because they didn’t want their 
families to hear them. It was hard enough to read in front of strangers but 
to read in front of our families was brutal. I bit the bullet and read my dad 
poem, my grandpa poem, and the love poem I had written after reading 
Robert Burns and Pablo Neruda. I was afraid my mom was going to get 


mad and say something about putting our family business out there, but 


ISABEL QUINTERO 252 


she surprised me and said she was proud. After the reading, we all signed 
each other’s books and Ms. Abernard’s, who swore that we would all be 
famous writers one day (I think teachers are required to say things like 
that). And after, we got to eat the snacks that our parents had brought 
(my mom brought conchitas) and coffee. I felt almost adultlike. Until my 
mom totally killed it and made me feel like the dumb teenager that I am. 

She finally got to meet Martin’s dad, and they hit it off. Not in a 
romantic way, but in a Mexican-parent-who-is-from-the-same-place-in- 
Mexico-and-is-also-a-widow/er kind of way. They both started talking 
about their dreams for us and how they wished we didn’t have to move 
so far and blah blah blah. And then they (my mom) did what every parent 
does—said something uncomfortable to embarrass their child. 

My mom said, “Well, I’m just glad that Gabi is waiting to have sex 
until she is married and that Martin is being a respectful young man.” 

Why, Mom? Why does she think this is appropriate or necessary? Who 
does that? It’s like she’s trying to prove that I have unused goods—still 
in their original wrapper—just in case anyone is interested in marriage. 
I’m surprised she doesn’t add the fact that I also have a goat as part of 
my dowry. She might as well open my mouth and let the buyers inspect 
my teeth. I wanted to crawl in a hole and die. Instead I just shoved an 


oatmeal raisin cookie in my face and tried to act like I didn’t hear her. 


res Bo GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Though—if anyone looked at my face, which was sure to be a beautiful 
shade of crimson—it would have been obvious that something bad had 
just occurred. | 

Martin’s dad looked over at us (uncomfortably), smiled and said, 
“Pues si verdad. Of course.” 

He knew. Martin’s dad knew what had happened. He knew what my 
mom didn’t know: that my goods were used and could not be returned to 
the manufacturer. I almost died. I looked at Martin who looked at me with 
a panicked smile and beads of sweat forming on his forehead. We both 
walked away from that conversation and had a few more cookies. 

So, except for my mom putting my sex life on blast with my boyfriend’s 


dad, it was a great night. : 
May 23 


Iam no longer grounded and am going to celebrate by hanging out at 
Cindy’s house in about an hour. Graduation is in three freaking weeks! 
The year has gone by so fast. Seniors take finals this week so we know 
whether or not we graduate. That would be so shitty to find out this week 
that you won't be graduating. But since Sebastian has been on my ass 


about Algebra II, I have no doubt that I am Berkeley-bound. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 254° 


T hadn't seen Martin since Friday. We went off campus for lunch (I hadn’t 
used my off campus pass since we took Georgina to the clinic), and asked him 
if he had told his dad about us—it has been eating away at me all weekend. 

“Yes. I told him.” 

“Why would you do that? Now your dad is going to think I’m a slut or 
something.” 

I was mortified and felt like crying. Tears were about to burst. 

“Why would he? I don’t think you are. I told my dad partly because 
I tell him everything...and mostly because he found my condoms in my 
pants when he was doing laundry.” 

“What?” 

“He just said that he didn’t want me having sex because I wasn’t ready 
for the responsibility that came with it. But that he knew he couldn't stop 
me and that he was happy that at least I was trying to be responsible. He 
also said that I have to respect you and not pressure you to do things you 
don’t want to do, and if you say no, it’s no.” 

“Are you serious?” Icouldn’t believe that an adult would say something 
like that. My mom certainly wouldn't have said something like that. 

“Yeah. He hates all that macho boys will be boys bullshit. He says it’s 
an excuse for men to act like animals. And I totally agree with him.” 


“That is so not how my mom thinks. And he was much cooler about it 


255 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


than my aunt who caught me buying condoms and said that I would go to 
Hell if we had sex.” 

He smiled at that. 

“Well, it’s a good thing I don’t believe in Heil.” 

I was totally caught off guard with that one. I had never met an 
atheist. 

“Wait. What? You don’t believe in God?” 

“I don’t know ifI do. I have my doubts. Butif there is a God, I’m not sure 
that his main purpose is to send two people who love each other to Hell for 
having sex. There are worse things in life and bigger fish he should be frying.” 

“Hmmm. I had never really thought of it that way. I know that I 
have my questions about how we believe in God—like why aren’t there 
female priests? Why is birth control bad? Is it really a bad idea for priests 
to marry and have children? Or who decides how we should interpret the 
“word of God”?—but there isn’t anyone I have ever trusted enough to talk 
with about them. My mom would freak out and even Cindy and Sebastian 
would think I was weird.” 

“No judgement here, Gabi. None. I love the person you are and 
wouldn't want you to pretend to be something you’re not—whether that 
means having the faith of a mustard seed or trying to find your faith.” 


That guy makes me so hot. Iam so in love with him. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 256 


May 24 


Every time I see German the urge to hurt him—sincerely hurt him—grows. 
And today I had my chance. I saw him, arm around some poor girl's shoulder 
(she couldn’t have been morethana freshman) and couldn’t help but wonder 
if he would do the same to her as he did to Cindy. If he did, would she be the 
one to stop him? Could she find her voice in order to silence his? This is the 
thing with me: as soon as I start thinking about something, I can’t let it go. 
It’s exhausting. I wish I could just turn my brain off and let it take a small 
vacation—near the beach, drinking lemonade and eating pizza. But I can’t. 
After Cindy told me about German, everywhere I looked, wherever there were 
couples or pregnant teens, I would wonder if it was consensual. Because of 
our idea of how good girls behave and how bad girls behave, many girls are 
too afraid or ashamed to speak up. Afraid of what everyone would say about 
them, afraid of being called liars, sluts or ofrecidas. This is what Cindy and 
Georgina (and my mom) have taught me. So, when I saw German today, I 
was consumed with anger that had been simmering for almost a month, 
and suddenly it was a roaring boil. I tried to stop myself. Tried to remind 
myself that I had promised Cindy that I wouldn't say anything to anyone, 
especially not to German. It wasn’t my place to ask for justice (okay, maybe 


I felt like it was my place because someone had to stop him, and I knew that 


25/ GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


Cindy wasn’t going to do anything. Was I supposed to let some guy keep on 
treating girls like they were his own personal playground? That’s not how I 
function. But I KNOW I should’ve kept my mouth shut. It wasn’t my place.) 

This is the thing about German. He's hot. Like super hot. He’s got silky 
caramel skin, the best hair ever, dimples, a body that won’t quit (he’s on 
the soccer team and I’ve watched them practice—shirtless), an awesome 
sense of style (the boy could be a fashion model), a decent grade point 
average, and (the biggest tool in his arsenal) he’s a smooth talker. I’m 
surprised he doesn’t spit honey every time he speaks. Freshman year, I 
had a secret crush on him. No one knows about this, and it’s a secret I'll 
take to my grave. Obviously, I can totally see why girls would flock to him. 
But after realizing the true extent of his scumbag ways, he seems dirty, 
like he doesn’t shower or oozes a foul stench whenever he walks—like 
some insect warding off birds with its poisonous nature. 

So there he was with his greasy, stinky paws all over this poor girl 
when he noticed me walking towards them. German nodded at me and 
sent one of his most charming smiles my way. For a second, I was almost 
like, “Could he really ever rape someone? I mean, look at those big eyes! 
He’s too hot to force someone to sleep with him.” Then I almost slapped 
myself across the face for being such an idiot. Cindy wouldn’t have made 


it up. To think that he wouldn’t have raped someone because he was hot 


ISABEL QUINTERO 258 


was insane and stupid. Of course he did it. It was probably much easier 
because people wouldn't believe that he would “have to” rape someone. 
People would assume that they were lucky to have slept with him. I came 
to my senses and flipped him off. Why would he even think I wanted to say 
hito him? He raped my best friend. Though he probably didn’t know that I 
knew that, so he assumed that this bird couldn’t smell the noxious gasses. 
I wonder if he even knows that it was rape, or does he think that’s how it’s 
Supposed to go down, with a girl crying the whole time? 

He looked taken aback, and he shouted at me, “Fuck you too, stupid 
gorda!” 

And I responded with a, “Oh no! You couldn’t fuck me, German. Not with 
that small of a package. And didn’t I hear that you had some sort of herpes or 
something that you can only get from having sex with livestock?” Comebacks 
are not my strongest weapon. 

He got so mad that he shoved the girl aside and came at me like he 
was going to hit me. I stood my ground as he put his face up to mine, 
breathing his nasty ass breath over my lips. 

“You better shut your fucking mouth, bitch. Or else—” 

“Or else what, German,” I growled at him. “Are you going to rape me 
like you did Cindy? You fucking asshole! Wannabe player! You ain't gonna 


do shit to me!” 


259 GABI, A GIRLIN PIECES 


He was totally caught off guard with that. By the look on his face, he 
obviously didn’t think she had said anything. He probably hoped that she 
would never say anything. I imagine that’s how rapists think. 

“Yeah, I know what you did.” : 

“Your stupid friend doesn’t know what she’s talking about,” he 
stammered. He was nervous which led me to believe that he knew what he 
did was wrong. But he couldn't keep his trap shut, “Rape? Pfft. She wanted 
it. How could she not? All girls want this.” He backed up and opened his 
arms as if showing off his body. “And your friend, she was begging for it.” 

The levee broke. I hurricane. I flood. I baptismal waters. God the 
punisher. Ancient being full of wrath. Hammer of Thor. Bolt of Zeus. 
Huitzilopochtli emerging from Coatepec—recently birthed and thirsty for 
vengeance. Chola from the barrio that! could never be. Iwas pissed. German, 
German, German: his name echoing in my head, begging me to strike him. 

IT would like to write that I pummeled him. That I was a teenage girl 
possessed, and there was nothing left of German but pits of skin and 
bone, clinging from the biology building at Santa Maria de los Rosales 
High School. That I had sent him to Hell where he belongs. Or (perhaps 
a little less violent) that suddenly I became some incredibly vicious (and 
talented) fighting animal. That my skills surprised everyone, and I found 


my true calling as an MMA fighter or world-famous championship boxer 


ISABEL QUINTERO 260 


rather than an English geek. But alas, Journal, I cannot lie to you. This is 
the only place I can be the most myself and I have to be honest. 

What really happened was this: I was furious. How dare he say that 
my friend was begging for it? I kneed him in the crotch and pushed him 
to the ground and (because I've never been ir’a fight before and don’t 
know proper fighting etiquette or procedure) I straddled him and kept 
him down with my weight—the first time in my life that being overweight 
came in handy. Maybe this was the reason I hadn’t lost weight. God had a 
plan for me all along! And that plan was to overpower one of the hottest 
guys in school and slap the shit out of him for raping my best friend while 
his girlfriend watched in horror and tried to pull me off. I don’t think God 
works that way, if he/she is out there. But if I were to believe there was 
a “plan,” this would definitely have to be a part of it. If only for humor, if 
for nothing else. 

I don’t know how long I was on top of German slapping him around. I 
do know that eventually I was pulled off by security. My mother was called 


and charges were pressed 


261 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


May 25 


I was suspended from school for a week which means that I can kiss my 
admission to Berkeley good-bye. I’ve been ving in bed all morning, my 
pillow is the wettest it’s ever been—super gross. At the time, slapping the 
shit out of German felt like it was a good idea. Like the only thing I could 
do. But now...I’m sure there were better options. Cindy was so pissed when 
she found out, and I don’t blame her. She called me after school yesterday, 
and I had to come clean. It didn’t feel right to lie to her about this. She 
started crying and said, “Why couldn’t you just let it go? It wasn’t any of 
your business!” I was crying too, but how could I tell her that I didn’t think 
it was fair that he got away with what he did and that he could do the same 
thing to other girls. But she’s right, it wasn’t my place. It wasn’t my choice 
to make, no matter if it seemed or felt like the right thing to do. Obviously, 
German didn’t tell anyone the real reason why I attacked him. He just said 
that I was a crazy bitch, and—because he has no record of violent behavior 
or behavior issues at all—they believed him. I don’t have a violent record 
either, but since I was the one who was doing the slapping, I was the one 
who was suspended. The principal got super angry with my answer to her 
question, “Why did you hurt German? Did he hurt you?” Maybe she expected 


me to say, “He broke my heart, or I saw him push someone, or I was angry 


ISABEL QUINTERO 262 


because he wouldn’t date me,” or some more understandable explanation, 
but all I said was, “Because assholes deserve that and more.” I don’t even 
remember saying that really, but I guess I must have—it was on the form 
they sent home with my mom. Speaking of which, she’s super pissed. And 
Super disappointed. I don’t know which is worse. She said that she never 
expected me to act like that. But what really got her upset was the fact that 
T wouldn’t tell her why I lashed out against German. I am grounded for the 
next few weeks and won’t be able to go to grad night, and the principal is 


debating whether or not I will be able to walk on graduation day. Yay me. 
May 26 


Day Two in Alcatraz: the other inmates seem to be of the criminally insane 
variety, especially the one they call “Bertha.” I have observed her leaving 
her cell to feed a small child she has taken under her wing. This all seems 
normal. However, yesterday I observed a small red truck pull up outside the 
penitentiary walls and “Bertha” walked out, looked around, making sure the 
coast was clear before approaching the vehicle. The coast was clear (sort of, 
because I was snooping out of my window) and so she leaned in and gave the 
driver a kiss. Maybe staying home this week will be worth it in chisme. 


Tia Bertha was actually very vocal about my little tussle. “Good 


263 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


girls never behave that way, Gabi. Never. You were lucky that Martin was 
interested in you in the first place, but now with this? Ha! No me llamo 
Bertha Hernandez if he comes around again.” 

I couldn’t help myself and smiled back at her, “Do good girls also kiss 
strange men who pull up to their house in red pickup trucks in the middle 
of the morning?” 

Tia Bertha’s eyes got huge. And her jaw dropped. She was sooo not 
expecting that. I probably shouldn’t have said it, but as long as I am 
sticking my foot in my mouth this week, I thought, Why not? Tia Bertha is 
always talking shit, and here she is acting like she’s perfect, criticizing me 
in front of everyone. Just because she’s older than me she feels like she 
can keep doing this. Did I feel bad? Yes, of course I did, because I am Gabi 
Hernandez and feel bad about most decisions I make because lately those 
decisions have been bad ones. But, oh fucking well. I have had enough. 

“I,..well...uh...” She tried to respond. Beto was watching the whole 
scene unfold from the sofa. He just shook his head. Now he’s judging me 
too? Ugh! First he’s all, “I can’t believe you got in a fight. What’d German 
do to anyone? He’s a cool guy.” And it takes all my strength not to shake 
him and tell him the truth. Now this. 

“What, Beto?” I told him. “What did I do now?” 


“Why'd you have to do that to tia Bertha? That was low.” 


ISABEL QUINTERO 264 


“Why? Because she’s always telling me how bad of a girl am. How 
good girls do this and good girls do that. She doesn’t even live by her own 
rules! She’s screwing guys here and there and everywhere! Some of them 
are married. Making out in the street. She wants to wear pants, and I’ve 
seen her trying on make-up! She’s such a hypocrite!” I was crying. Crying 
because I was angry. Crying because I felt guilty for calling my tia Bertha 
out. Crying because I probably lost my best friend. Crying because that’s 
all I wanted to do. 

“She's just...” 

“Just what? She’s mean! And I’m tired of it. The worst part of it, the 
worst part, Beto, is that she thinks she’s bad. And she’s not! She’s just 
a normal person trying to be happy, but because she goes to that stupid 
church, and they fill her head with crazy ideas, she’s miserable so she has 
to make everyone else miserable too. I don’t get why she just can’t be 
happy with who she is. No one is gonna think bad of her if she goes on 
dates or has sex or wears pants. Not even God.” 

He just stood there. 

As I walked back to my room, I realized that tia Bertha had been 
standing in the hallway the whole time. Her head was in her hands and 
she was crying. 


Hello, my name is Gabriela Hernandez, and I’m an asshole. 


265 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


May 27 


Things have been tense with tia Bertha. I felt bad when the guy in the 
red truck came by this morning and waited for tia Bertha to go out, and 
she never did. He eventually drove off as she watched him from the living 
room window. I asked her, “Why didn’t you go out to see him?” 

She didn’t answer me. She won't even look at me. 

I have gained like ten pounds these last few days, bingeing on 
junk food while I do my school work. By the time this week is over, I will 
probably have gained like 100 pounds and will have to be rolled onto the 
stage—if I do get to graduate after all. 

Martin has texted me every day. He’s upset because I won’t tell him 
what German did either. Cindy is right—I should have stayed out of it. If 
I hadn’t said anything, I would be at school stressing about graduation 
like everyone else—enjoying my last days as a senior, instead of being in 


isolation at home. 
May 28 


Today is Saturday. Graduation is in less than two weeks. Finals are done, 
and it would be time to celebrate except that I am the most miserable 


I have been in a long time. Sebastian came by today. He said that he 


ISABEL QUINTERO 206 


couldn't believe I had violated Cindy’s trust and that she was really upset. 
Though he said he understood why I did it and that he had felt like doing 
the same thing but stopped himself because of Cindy. He gave me a hug 
and said that he still loved me. But that it may take Cindy a while to forgive 


me. If she ever does. ate a 
May 30 


Freedom! About midway through the afternoon, my school called and said 
that I wasn’t suspended anymore and that I could come back to school 
tomorrow, but that I would have to go to the office first thing in the 
morning. Absolutely. Also, German dropped the charges. This was a bit 
confusing because he had no reason to. I kept asking myself all day what 
had happened. Maybe German realized that the truth would come out if he 
continued to go this route and that he would rather be the guy that got 


bitch-slapped by a girl than the guy who raped a girl. I don’t know. 


May 31 


The good news: The principal told me that they were letting me come back to 


school because I had really good grades and had never been in trouble. She 


26/7 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


had done her investigation and realized that I had attacked German in self- 
defense, according to the witness she had spoken to. Witness? I thought. I 
bet it was the girl he was with, the one he had shoved to one side like she was 
nothing. In any case, I'll take it. The principal alse said that she knew that I 
had been accepted to Berkeley and that she would make sure that this incident 
wouldn’t go on any records that they would receive. Whaaaaa?! I was elated. 
The very very very bad news: I won’t be able to walk during graduation. I felt 
a huge pain in my chest and even gota little dizzy. The principal said that she 
was sorry—she had pulled strings so this incident wouldn't be on my record, 
but that in exchange she had been asked that I not be allowed to walk like the 
other seniors who had gotten suspended. It was only fair, she said. That last 
rite of passage. That last step of being an American teenager—knocked out 
from under me. I had already bought my cap and gown. Family I hadn’t seen 
in forever had been invited. This was going to be awful—one more reason my 
mom would have for calling me a bad girl. I left the office confused. I was so 
sad that I wouldn't walk, but I was happy that my admittance to Berkeley 
wasn't compromised. I needed Cindy and Sebastian. I had to talk to them 
about what happened. But I didn’t get the chance to. I saw Martin first, 
and he was still mad because I wouldn’t tell him the truth about why I was 
~ suspended, but he was happy I was back. His face dropped when I told him I 
wouldn't be able to walk, but he agreed with the principal. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 268 


“She's right, Gabi. It wouldn’t be fair if you got to walk, and the other 

students didn’t.” 

I wanted to shake him vigorously for saying that. I know it’s the right 
thing to do! But why did he have to say it? Couldn’t he have humored me 
for a bit and said, “That’s so unfair!” No, he couldn’t. That’s not the kind 

of person Martin is. 

Then I saw Cindy, and she was still angry at me so there would have 
been no sympathy there. Instead, I asked her if I could come see her after 


school to talk, and she said yes. Let’s see how that goes. 


Later... 

I violated my friend’s trust. She told me something in confidence that 
I had no right to share. What I should have done instead—and realized 
after researching on the internet (apparently a tool that can also be used 
for good, not just evil)—was to just be there for her and suggest she talk 
to someone (a teacher, the police, a counselor). I looked this info up 
before I went to her house and made a list of rape crisis hotline numbers 
and websites so that if she didn’t want to talk to me anymore, she would 
have options. 

When I got to her house, Cindy let me in, and we went to her room. 


She closed the door behind us. 


269 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


“You know, Gabi, it was so hard for me to tell you what had happened. 
I didn’t want anyone to know. I didn’t. There are days I can’t sleep, and 
I can’t talk to boys because I’m afraid they'll do the same thing to me. 
Sometimes I cry for no reason, and then it all comes back. It happened to 
me. ME, Gabi. You didn’t have a right to say anything.” 

Each word she said made me feel smaller and smaller and made me 
realize how much I had screwed up. “Cindy, I’m sorry. Nothing I say can 
make it right. I saw him with another girl and thought what if he does the 
same thing to her that he did to you? And before I knew it, I was on him, 
slapping the shit out of him. I was so angry that he didn’t get punished 
and that he ruined your life. I know it was none of my business. And I hope 
you can forgive me.” : 

She just shook her head. “I don’t know. I know you were doing what 
you thought was right. Part of me is glad that you did it. He deserved it 
and more. But it doesn’t change how I feel.” 

We sat and talked for hours. Cindy hadn’t talked to anyone about how 
she felt. I mean she had told us what had happened but not how she felt. 
Thad never seen her so sad, and I realized that it had been so hard for her 
to try to be “okay” in front of everyone. It was almost like she had been 
pretending. I gave her the list of hotlines I had made from my internet 


research and suggested she call one. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 2/0 


She said she was afraid, but I told her that some of them were 
anonymous and that they might be able to give her advice that would 
make her less afraid. We kept on talking until she changed the topic and 
said that she still loved me and that we were still friends. And that she 
was kind of glad that she had a friend who weuld always have her back 
ina slap fight. I couldn't help laughing at that. She said she was sorry I 
wouldn't be able to walk, but that it didn’t mean that I couldn’t go to the 
beach tomorrow for Senior Ditch Day. She’s right. I might as well enjoy it. 


We can’t be sad or mad forever. 
June 1 


Senior Ditch Day. Teachers and staff try and scare us by saying that we will 
be suspended or get detention for being absent. Yeah, they can’t suspend 
over two hundred students—the school would lose all sorts of money, and 
they would have to spend all morning calling parents. We all decided to 
go to the beach. The sand was packed with teenagers trying to squeeze in 
the last moments of teenagehood. It was kind of weird being back after 
being suspended. People were staring at me and asking why I had hulked 
out on one of the hottest guys on campus. I was like, “T don't know. It all 


happened so fast.” No one believed me, of course. 


SHE GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


Cindy had said I could tell Martin what happened. When I told him, 
he was mad all over again and wanted to call the police. He said he didn't 
understand why Cindy was being so difficult and that she was just letting 
him go free. I told him what Cindy told me, “It happened to her, and she 
is dealing with it the best she can right now. I think she’s going to get 
counseling, but all we can do is be there for her.” Martin didn’t really 
agree but said that he would respect her wishes. 

It was early when we got to the beach, and some people were already 
there. The thing about being a fat girl is that bathing suits are at the top 
of your list of nightmares—along with diabetes, too-small leggings, pants 
that give you camel toe, underwires in a bra and a world without cheese. 
I had bought a two-piece suit a few weeks ago and had felt good about it. 
I tried it on and thought, “Gabi, you don’t look like the cow you thought 
you looked like. You actually look good.” And I had even given myself a 
thumbs up in the dressing room mirror. I have been running more often 
and had lost some weight, so everything was coming up Gabi. But then the 
whole German slapping incident happened, and I gained like five or ten 
pounds. The suit still fits but it’s a little snugger than I had hoped. I had 
given myself the, “Who cares what other girls look tike—you do you!” pep 
talk but this morning...ugh. I almost didn’t want to go to the beach. Then 


I looked at myself in the mirror and read my poem for the week, a poem 


ISABEL QUINTERO 272 


by Tracie Morris, “Project Princess.” It’s about a girl from the projects who 
doesn’t care what people think about her—she just does what makes her 
feel confident. Then I looked myself straight in the eyes and said, “Gabi, 
get over it. You look spectacular. You look amazing, So stop your bitching 
or do something that makes you feel better.” I took a deep breath and 
took off my shorts and shirt and stepped out on that beach like I owned 
that shit and didn’t give a fuck about all the skinny girls around me. After 
a while, I didn’t feel like an outsider and nobody made comments or even 
cared about what I looked like. The other thing about being fat is that you 
spend too much damn time worrying about being fat and that takes time 
away from having fun. But I decided today would be different. And it was. 

By the afternoon, people were grilling and drinking and smoking 
weed—and some were even having sex in a small cove. Martin and I only 
walked into that super awkward situation because we were trying to find 
an empty part of the beach to talk for a bit. Okay—and maybe make out. 
But were we surprised when we found Debby Allen with Michael—from my 
physics class—totally going at it. Awkward. Michael gave us a thumbs up, 
and we just turned and walked away, laughing our asses off. The whole 
beach looked like a scene from a 1960s documentary. It was insane. I 
didn’t partake in the drinking or smoking, but I definitely did eat. There 


was carne asada, burgers and hot dogs for days. When the sun started to 


crs GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


go down, some people started making bonfires, but we had to take Cindy 
and Sabi (who her mom made her bring to the beach with her or else she 
couldn’t go) home. We dropped them off hours ago and then went back 
to Martin’s house since no one was home, and we had sex again. It was 
totally better this time around. I’ve been home for a few hours, andI can't 
go to sleep. Going to read a little bit. I started reading East of Eden, by 
John Steinbeck. It’s a retelling of the Cain and Abel story from the Bible, 
and Iam loving it. Steinbeck is a literary god. Oh my God, if I told Cindy or 
Sebastian that, they would never let me hear the end of it. I don’t think 


Martin would let me live it down either. 
June 2 


I was sitting on the couch watching novelas with my mom and my tia when 
it hit me—these are the last few months I will be spending with them. I will 
miss them so much. I know my mom and I have our differences (she hates 
that I'm fat, I hate that she’s controlling), but I love her with all my heart. 
Sure, she sneaks into my room and goes through my stuff, throwing away 
all my delicious snacks, looking for drugs or other evidence that I am being 
a bad daughter. But she has never found anything because I am a great 


daughter. And also great at hiding my precious treasures. Ha! But seriously, 


ISABEL QUINTERO 274, 


I don’t think I am as bad as she imagines me to be. She’s just worried. She 
has been there for me when I've needed her the most, and I guess that 
balances things out. She’s a walking contradiction—she wants me to bea 
strong woman and not let any man tell me what to do, but she also wants 
me to be obedient and behave like a nice young lady (whatever the hell 
that is): a virgin, I am sure, but what else? A good cook? A good reader? 
Someone who can make tortillas with one hand tied behind her back? Being 
a virgin can’t be the only thing that makes you a “nice young lady” because 
I know plenty of girls who are virgins, but could never be called nice- 
young-anythings because they are straight-out spawn of Satan. But the 
untouched hymen is one of the requirements, my mother has insisted, that 
is inherently present in the anatomy of a nice young lady. She means well. 
It’s probably hard for her to have been raised in some pueblo in the 1970s 
where being good at housework and being pure were seen as necessary 
traits for being married—because that is what you were supposed to aspire 
to do. So it’s even harder (I’m guessing) to raise a Mexican-American 
daughter in Southern California in the 2000s, a girl who thinks that being 
good at housework and having an intact hymen are totally overrated. What 
is good anyway? I know that flourless espresso cake is good because it 
melts in my mouth, and I can’t get enough of it. I know that carne asada 


tacos are good because my taste buds tell me so, and taste buds never lie. 


Lid GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


But a good woman? A good girl? I have no clue. 

I mean my tia tries her hardest to be a “good” Christian woman: long 
skirts and dresses, no make-up, no shoulders showing, no hair cutting 
and no worldly music. But she’s not true to herself. And that can’t be 
good. She loves worldly music, having sex, lipsticks, novelas and even 
wearing pants, but she won’t give in because someone says that good 
women don’t behave that way and—worse—that men don’t want “those 
kinds” of women. 


I would go crazy if I stayed here with them. 
June 4 


Hung out with Beto at the mall today. We ate some crappy Chinese food, 
bought some ugly T-shirt he wanted and ended up at the coffee shop 
where Martin and I have gone to read our poems. We sat and talked about 
so many things that we hadn’t been able to, like my dad and Ernie and my 
mom. Beto says he feels guilty about saying he hated our dad, but that 
he’s still mad at him for doing what he did. 

I think Beto believes my dad overdosed on purpose. 

Suicide. 


It’s something I’ve thought about—and even mentioned to Martin— 


ISABEL QUINTERO 2/6 


but I refuse to believe it. I don’t want to think about that. It was an 
accident. That’s all it was, no matter what Beto says. Beto and I talked 
about how crazy it is to have a little brother. For so long, it’s just been 
us two and now—sixteen years later—there is someone new. Someone 
who we are responsible for in some way. We made a deal to not tell Ernie 
about what happened to our dad until he’s out of high school. I don’t 
know if that’s realistic. I mean I am sure someone will someday tell him, 
“Oh, you’re Ernie Hernandez? The kid whose dad was found dead in the 
garage.” Why? Because our city is like that. Then Beto said something that 
made me cry. 

“Gabi, when you leave, I’m going to miss fighting with you and you 
driving me around. I guess I'll have to find another chauffeur.” This is 
brother speak for, “I’m going to miss you.” And as soon as he saw me 
crying he was like, “Oh my God, Gabi. That’s why I hate talking to you 
about shit. You always end up crying. Fuck.” 


I will so miss my brother. 
June 5 


Really missing my dad. The thing is that if my dad was still alive, I know 


that I would be more stressed out than I already am. It’s not like he would 


lad GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


be “here” in the present moment. Most likely he’d be high somewhere 
or high here at home. But still it would be nice to know that he’s not 
becoming maggot food. There is this part of me that always felt like if I 
pleased my dad, if I gave him money, drove him to his friend’s house, was 
extra nice to him, got good grades, I could have saved him. I know it’s 
stupid and doesn’t make sense, but I wish that’s the way it would have 
worked. Sebastian says that you can’t change people. “People are who 
they are no matter how much you want them to be somebody else, Gabi. 
And we have two choices: love and accept them with all their faults. Or 
not. In my case, my parents are choosing to not accept me because I can’t 
change, and I won't pretend to be something I’m not. Your dad was an 
addict because that is what he wanted to be. There was nothing you could 


have done to change that.” Sometimes Sebastian can be pretty deep. 
June 6 


My mom is so out of control! Is it so hard for her to understand that I 
want to move out? Today she told me that if I move out, I can’t come back 
home—that if I leave, that’s it. I can come to visit but not move back in. 
_ What am I supposed to do over the summer? She is trying so hard to keep 


me here, she doesn’t realize that what she’s doing is pushing me away. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 278 


She doesn’t respect me as her daughter or as a person. All she wants is 
for me to be there whenever she wants me to be. But my needs? Ha! She 
could give a rat’s ass about my needs. I don’t care what she says. I don’t. 


I’m leaving. 


Later... 

So my mom cameinto talk to me and told me thatI have to understand 
her. That she just wants what’s best for me and that by me going so far 
away, I was playing with fire. “There are so many temptations out there, 
Gabi. What if you get pregnant? What if they offer you drugs? Here at least 
I can keep an eye on you. Pero alla?” 

I grew some and told her that if I wanted to have sex, I could do it 
here. That I have already been offered drugs, and I have said no. That she 
raised a semi-decent daughter that she could trust. And that I was moving 
out and that I would love her support, but either way I had to go. I hate 
making my mom cry. 

But I think she may have understood because before she left my room 
she said, “Pues, esta siempre es tu casa.” Which was really all I needed to 


hear. I knew she had been bluffing. 


279 GABI, AGIRL IN PIECES 


June 8 


If anyone were to visit our high school right now, they would think that 
someone had died with all the crying and hugging that is going on. And 
it’s pretty lame because people have each other’s phone numbers and 
if they’re your friends, you probably see them on the weekends or after 
school anyway. I tried to understand it. Martin says it’s because for a 
lot of people, high school is it—the best time of their life. Oh my God, 
if high school is supposed to be the best time of my life, I’m going to 
have the shittiest life ever. I can’t imagine thinking this is it. That this is 
my peak. I’d rather think, Finally, it’s over. But no. Everywhere people are 
emotional train wrecks. I guess I get it. It’s a rite of passage, like getting 
your period. Except that with leaving high school, I feel that I won’t be 
rolling around on the ground because of the near-death experience that 
is cramps. I hope to sweet baby Jesus that’s not what it will be like. I hope 
that it’s more like other rites of passage, like sex—it’s uncomfortable 
getting through it the first time, but then it’s not. 

I do have to say I will miss Ms. Abernard, who has been giving us 
poems about overcoming adversity. My favorite one so far has been, “Still 


- T Rise” by Maya Angelou. 


ISABEL QUINTERO 280 


June 12 


Today would have been the day I walked across the stage wearing my cap 
and gown with the rest of my class. Instead, I am the person waiting at 
_Pepe’s House of Wings, reserving the table for.ten. As it turns out when 
you are suspended from school for slapping the crap out of a rapist, you 
are forbidden to participate in any way—even as an audience member—in 
any school activities. This meant I couldn’t even watch my friends cross 
the stage. I was so freaking mad, but I kept reminding myself that at least I 
could still go to Berkeley (with Martin, of course, because that super smart 
boyfriend of mine gotin too!) and that was the most important thing. 

But there was no way in hell I would pass up Pepe’s House of Wings 
for anything—I mean Eric works here, and I still show up. As I sat there 
salivating, thinking of the wings to come, my eyes wandered out the 
window to a red pickup truck that looked familiar. The passenger door 
opened and who should come out but my tia Bertha! Wearing Satan’s 
clothing: pants and a short-sleeved blouse! Her hair had been cut and— 
the topper—she had on bright pink lipstick! Tia Bertha in public with a 
man? Is it the end of days? I thought. Should I duck and cover? I tried to 
hold it together when she came in, but was close to losing my shit when 


she INTRODUCED him to me. 


281 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


“Gabi, this is Raul. Raul, this is my niece Gabi. The one I told you 
about, who is going to college.” 

Holy moly. I could barely shake his hand. I bet my eyes were super 
wide because tia Bertha asked if I was okay. I equaled out a, “Yeah.” 

Raul went to the bathroom, and I asked tia Bertha, “Pants? Lipstick? 
iY su pelo? What’s going on, tia?” 

“Gabi, the other day you made me think about my life. You may not 
know this, but I like men.” 

I almost spit out my lemonade. Everyone knows that. 

“And,”—she didn’t miss a beat—“I have been lonely. When your father 
died, I didn’t know what to do. I felt like I had failed God and that is why 
my brother died. Like God was punishing me because of my love for men. 
But then I realized that it had nothing to do with me. That my brother was 
sick and had chosen his path the day he first picked up that pipe, and that 
there was probably very little I could have done to help him. I got mad at 
God, Gabi. It was a very confusing time, and that’s why I left. When I came 
back, I only pretended to be happy. When you said those things about 
being a “good girl” and hurt my feelings, I realized it wasn’t worth it. 
Living a lie is painful and doesn’t do anyone any good. I had to be true to 
- myself, because either way God would know if I was lying.” 


If at the beginning at the school year, someone had said, “Gabi, Iam 


ISABEL QUINTERO 282 


- coming from the future to tell you that you will not walk across the stage 
on graduation day but instead you will be chillaxing at Pepe’s House of 
Wings with your tia Bertha and her boyfriend,” I would have laughed in 
their face and told them to stop smoking that reefer. But it happened, 
_ and it wasn’t as weird as I thought it would be fokay, it was pretty weird). 
_ We talked for a while and when her boyfriend came back, I learned that he 
works in construction and on weekends sells tacos outside a liquor store 
in Stuffix (I tried not to show how excited I was at the prospect of getting 
an unlimited supply of free tacos, but I think he saw through me). The way 
my tia looks at Raul is the way I look at Martin. He makes her happy and 
helps her see that she is stronger than she thought she was. It’s not that 
he makes her stronger, but he definitely helps her see that she has been 
strong all along. 

Martin was the first one to pull up. He had brought me some flowers 
(what a nerd). As soon as he walked in, he gave me a kiss on the cheek 
and went to order some lemon pepper wings. We truly do make a beautiful 
couple. Not long after, everyone else arrived. My mom and Beto—with 
Ernie in his arms—got there, arguing about why she should let him go 
camping with his friends for a whole week. She'll probably give in later. 
Cindy and Sebastian pulled up, still wearing their caps and gowns, of 


course, bumping some super loud music, letting everyone know just how 


283 GABI, AGIRLIN PIECES 


excited they were. I won’t lie, I still feel pretty shitty about not being 
able to walk with my class—I feel like I let myself down—but seeing my 
beautifully crazy and colorful all-American family sit together ata slightly 
sticky table in one of the best hot wing restaurants in all the land, ina 
rundown shopping strip, made me feel like everything was as it should be, 
and that all the things I am worried about are gonna be all right. 

And if anyone has trouble understanding that, well, they can kiss 
my ass. 







