60483  Transcribers Note The cover image was created by the transcriber and is placed in the public domain. THE PHOENIX LIBRARY ANTIC HAY THE PHOENIX LIBRARY Queen Victoria by Lytton Strachey Eminent Victorians Lytton Strachey Antic Hay Aldous Huxley Along the Road Aldous Huxley Tales of the Five Towns Arnold Bennett The Mercy of Allah Hilaire Belloc Lady into Fox and A Man in the Zoo 1 vol. David Garnett Books  Characters Lytton Strachey Fiery Particles C. E. Montague First Plays A. A. Milne Crome Yellow Aldous Huxley Art Clive Bell Disenchantment C. E. Montague Those Barren Leaves Aldous Huxley Vision and Design Roger Fry Essays of a Biologist Julian Huxley Plays Richard Hughes Limbo Aldous Huxley Second Plays A. A. Milne The Right Place C. E. Montague The Sailors Return David Garnett Mortal Coils Aldous Huxley Mr. Westons Good Wine T. F. Powys Lolly Willowes Sylvia Townsend Warner On the Margin Aldous Huxley The Grim Smile of the Five Towns Arnold Bennett Tarr Wyndham Lewis Little Mexican Aldous Huxley 97  99 St. Martins Lane London, W. C. 2 ANTIC HAY By ALDOUS HUXLEY CHATTO AND WINDUS LONDON First published November 1923 Printed in Great Britain; all rights reserved My men like satyrs grazing on the lawns Shall with their goat-feet dance the antic hay. Marlowe ANTIC HAY 3 CHAPTER I Gumbril, Theodore Gumbril Junior, B.A. Oxon., sat in his oaken stall on the north side of the School Chapel and wondered, as he listened through the uneasy silence of half a thousand schoolboys to the First Lesson, pondered, as he looked up at the vast window opposite, all blue and jaundiced and bloody with nineteenth-century glass, speculated in his rapid and rambling way about the existence and the nature of God. Standing in front of the spread brass eagle and fortified in his convictions by the sixth chapter of Deuteronomy for this first Sunday of term was the Fifth after Easter, the Reverend Pelvey could speak of these things with an enviable certainty. Hear, O Israel, he was booming out over the top of the portentous Book the Lord our God is one Lord. One Lord; Mr. Pelvey knew; he had studied theology. But if theology and theosophy, then why not theography and theometry, why not theognomy, theotrophy, theotomy, theogamy? Why not theophysics and theo-chemistry? Why not that ingenious toy, the theotrope or wheel of gods? Why not a monumental theodrome? In the great window opposite, young David stood like a cock, crowing on the dunghill of a tumbled giant. From the middle of Goliaths forehead there issued, like a narwhals budding horn, a curious excrescence. Was it the embedded pebble? Or perhaps the giants married life? 4 ... with all thine heart, declaimed the Reverend Pelvey, and with all thy soul, and with all thy might. No, but seriously, Gumbril reminded himself, the problem was very troublesome indeed. God as a sense of warmth about the heart, God as exultation, God as tears in the eyes, God as a rush of power or thoughtthat was all right. But God as truth, God as 2  2  4that wasnt so clearly all right. Was there any chance of their being the same? Were there bridges to join the two worlds? And could it be that the Reverend Pelvey, M.A., fog-horning away from behind the imperial bird, could it be that he had an answer and a clue? That was hardly believable. Particularly if one knew Mr. Pelvey personally. And Gumbril did. And these words which I command thee this day, retorted Mr. Pelvey, shall be in thine heart. Or in the heart, or in the head? Reply, Mr. Pelvey, reply. Gumbril jumped between the horns of the dilemma and voted for other organs. And thou shalt teach them diligently to thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up. Diligently to thy children.... Gumbril remembered his own childhood; they had not been very diligently taught to him. Beetles, black beetleshis father had a really passionate feeling about the clergy. Mumbojumbery was another of his favourite words. An atheist and an anti-clerical of the strict old school he was. Not that, in any case, he gave himself much time to think about these things; he was too busy being an unsuccessful architect. As for Gumbrils mother, her diligence had not 5 been dogmatic. She had just been diligently good, that was all. Good; good? It was a word people only used nowadays with a kind of deprecating humorousness. Good. Beyond good and evil? We are all that nowadays. Or merely below them, like earwigs? I glory in the name of earwig. Gumbril made a mental gesture and inwardly declaimed. But good in any case, there was no getting out of that, good she had been. Not nice, not merely molto simpatica how charmingly and effectively these foreign tags assist one in the great task of calling a spade by some other name!but good. You felt the active radiance of her goodness when you were near her.... And that feeling, was that less real and valid than two plus two? The Reverend Pelvey had nothing to reply. He was reading with a holy gusto of houses full of all good things, which thou filledst not, and wells digged, which thou diggedst not, vineyards and olive trees, which thou plantedst not. She had been good and she had died when he was still a boy; diedbut he hadnt been told that till much laterof creeping and devouring pain. Malignant diseaseoh, caro nome ! Thou shalt fear the Lord thy God, said Mr. Pelvey. Even when the ulcers are benign; thou shalt fear. He had travelled up from school to see her, just before she died. He hadnt known that she was going to die, but when he entered her room, when he saw her lying so weakly in the bed, he had suddenly begun to cry, uncontrollably. All the fortitude, the laughter even, had been hers. And she had spoken to him. A few words only; but they had contained all the wisdom he needed to live by. She had told him what he was, and what he should try to be, and 6 how to be it. And crying, still crying, he had promised that he would try. And the Lord commanded us to do all these statutes, said Mr. Pelvey, for our good always, that he might preserve us alive, as it is at this day. And had he kept his promise, Gumbril wondered, had he preserved himself alive? Here endeth the First Lesson. Mr. Pelvey retreated from the eagle, and the organ presaged the coming Te Deum . Gumbril hoisted himself to his feet; the folds of his B.A. gown billowed nobly about him as he rose. He sighed and shook his head with the gesture of one who tries to shake off a fly or an importunate thought. When the time came for singing, he sang. On the opposite side of the chapel two boys were grinning and whispering to one another behind their lifted Prayer Books. Gumbril frowned at them ferociously. The two boys caught his eye and their faces at once took on an expression of sickly piety; they began to sing with unction. They were two ugly, stupid-looking louts, who ought to have been apprenticed years ago to some useful trade. Instead of which they were wasting their own and their teachers and their more intelligent comrades time in trying, quite vainly, to acquire an elegant literary education. The minds of dogs, Gumbril reflected, do not benefit by being treated as though they were the minds of men. O Lord, have mercy upon us have mercy upon us. Gumbril shrugged his shoulders and looked round the chapel at the faces of the boys. Lord, indeed, have mercy upon us! He was disturbed to find the sentiment echoed on a somewhat different note in the Second Lesson, which was drawn from the twenty-third chapter of St. Luke. 7 Father, forgive them, said Mr. Pelvey in his unvaryingly juicy voice; for they know not what they do. Ah, but suppose one did know what one was doing? suppose one knew only too well? And of course one always did know. One was not a fool. But this was all nonsense, all nonsense. One must think of something better than this. What a comfort it would be, for example, if one could bring air cushions into chapel! These polished oaken stalls were devilishly hard; they were meant for stout and lusty pedagogues, not for bony starvelings like himself. An air cushion, a delicious pneu. Here endeth, boomed Mr. Pelvey, closing his book on the back of the German eagle. As if by magic, Dr. Jolly was ready at the organ with the Benedictus . It was positively a relief to stand again; this oak was adamantine. But air cushions, alas, would be too bad an example for the boys. Hardy young Spartans! it was an essential part of their education that they should listen to the word of revelation without pneumatic easement. No, air cushions wouldnt do. The real remedy, it suddenly flashed across his mind, would be trousers with pneumatic seats. For all occasions; not merely for churchgoing. The organ blew a thin Puritan-preachers note through one of its hundred nostrils. I believe.... With a noise like the breaking of a wave, five hundred turned towards the East. The view of David and Goliath was exchanged for a Crucifixion in the grand manner of eighteen hundred and sixty. Father, forgive them; for they know not what they do. No, no, Gumbril preferred to look at the grooved stonework rushing smoothly up on either side of the great east window towards the vaulted roof; preferred 8 to reflect, like the dutiful son of an architect he was, that Perpendicular at its bestand its best is its largestis the finest sort of English Gothic. At its worst and smallest, as in most of the colleges of Oxford, it is mean, petty, and, but for a certain picturesqueness, almost wholly disgusting. He felt like a lecturer next slide, please. And the life everlasting. Amen. Like an oboe, Mr. Pelvey intoned The Lord be with you. For prayer, Gumbril reflected, there would be Dunlop knees. Still, in the days when he had made a habit of praying, they hadnt been necessary. Our Father.... The words were the same as they were in the old days; but Mr. Pelveys method of reciting them made them sound rather different. Her dresses, when he had leaned his forehead against her knee to say those wordsthose words, good Lord! that Mr. Pelvey was oboeing out of existencewere always black in the evenings, and of silk, and smelt of orris root. And when she was dying, she had said to him Remember the Parable of the Sower, and the seeds that fell in shallow ground. No, no. Amen, decidedly. O Lord, show thy mercy upon us, chanted oboe Pelvey, and Gumbril trombone responded, profoundly and grotesquely And grant us thy salvation. No, the knees were obviously less important, except for people like revivalists and housemaids, than the seat. Sedentary are commoner than genuflectory professions. One would introduce little flat rubber bladders between two layers of cloth. At the upper end, hidden when one wore a coat, would be a tube with a valve like a hollow tail. Blow it upand there would be perfect comfort even for the boniest, even on rock. How did the Greeks stand marble benches in their theatres? 9 The moment had now come for the Hymn. This being the first Sunday of the Summer term, they sang that special hymn, written by the Headmaster, with music by Dr. Jolly, on purpose to be sung on the first Sundays of terms. The organ quietly sketched out the tune. Simple it was, uplifting and manly. One, two, three, four; one, two THREE 4. One, two-and three-and four-and; One, two THREE 4. One 2, THREE 4; ONE 234, and- ONE 2, THREE 4; ONE 234. One, two-and three, four; One, two THREE 4. Five hundred flawed adolescent voices took it up. For good examples sake, Gumbril opened and closed his mouth; noiselessly, however. It was only at the third verse that he gave rein to his uncertain baritone. He particularly liked the third verse; it marked, in his opinion, the Headmasters highest poetical achievement.  f  For slack hands and  dim.  idle minds  mf  Mischief still the Tempter finds.  ff  Keep him captive in his lair. At this point Dr. Jolly enriched his tune with a thick accompaniment in the lower registers, artfully designed to symbolize the depth, the gloom and general repulsiveness of the Tempters home.  ff  Keep him captive in his lair.  f  Work will bind him.  dim.  Work is  pp  prayer. Work, thought Gumbril, work. Lord, how passionately he disliked work! Let Austin have his swink to him reserved! Ah, if only one had work of ones own, proper 10 work, decent worknot forced upon one by the griping of ones belly! Amen! Dr. Jolly blew the two sumptuous jets of reverence into the air; Gumbril accompanied them with all his heart. Amen, indeed. Gumbril sat down again. It might be convenient, he thought, to have the tail so long that one could blow up ones trousers while one actually had them on. In which case, it would have to be coiled round the waist like a belt; or looped up, perhaps, and fastened to a clip on ones braces. The nineteenth chapter of the Acts of the Apostles, part of the thirty-fourth verse. The Headmasters loud, harsh voice broke violently out from the pulpit. All with one voice for the space of about two hours cried out, Great is Diana of the Ephesians. Gumbril composed himself as comfortably as he could on his oaken seat. It was going to be one of the Headmasters real swingeing sermons. Great is Diana. And Venus? Ah, these seats, these seats! Gumbril did not attend evening chapel. He stayed at home in his lodgings to correct the sixty-three Holiday Task Papers which had fallen to his share. They lay, thick piles of them, on the floor beside his chair sixty-three answers to ten questions about the Italian Risorgimento. The Risorgimento, of all subjects! It had been one of the Headmasters caprices. He had called a special masters meeting at the end of last term to tell them all about the Risorgimento. It was his latest discovery. The Risorgimento, gentlemen, is the most important event in modern European history. And he had banged the table; he had looked defiantly round the room in search of contradictors. But nobody had contradicted him. Nobody ever did; 11 they all knew better. For the Headmaster was as fierce as he was capricious. He was for ever discovering something new. Two terms ago it had been singeing; after the hair-cut and before the shampoo, there must be singeing. The hair, gentlemen, is a tube. If you cut it and leave the end unsealed, the water will get in and rot the tube. Hence the importance of singeing, gentlemen. Singeing seals the tube. I shall address the boys about it after chapel to-morrow morning; and I trust that all house-mastersand he had glared around him from under his savage eyebrowswill see that their boys get themselves regularly singed after cutting. For weeks afterwards every boy trailed behind him a faint and nauseating whiff of burning, as though he were fresh from hell. And now it was the Risorgimento. One of these days, Gumbril reflected, it would be birth control, or the decimal system, or rational dress. He picked up the nearest batch of papers. The printed questions were pinned to the topmost of them. Give a brief account of the character and career of Pope Pius IX, with dates wherever possible . Gumbril leaned back in his chair and thought of his own character, with dates. 1896 the first serious and conscious and deliberate lie. Did you break that vase, Theodore? No, mother. It lay on his conscience for nearly a month, eating deeper and deeper. Then he had confessed the truth. Or rather he had not confessed; that was too difficult. He led the conversation, very subtly, as he thought, round through the non-malleability of glass, through breakages in general, to this particular broken vase; he practically forced his mother to repeat her question. And then, with a burst of tears, he had answered, 12 yes. It had always been difficult for him to say things directly, point-blank. His mother had told him, when she was dying.... No, no; not that. In 1898 or 1899oh, these dates!he had made a pact with his little cousin, Molly, that she should let him see her with no clothes on, if he would do the same by her. She had fulfilled her part of the bargain; but he, overwhelmed at the last moment by a passion of modesty, had broken his promise. Then, when he was about twelve and still at his preparatory school, in 1902 or 1903 he had done badly in his exams., on purpose; he had been frightened of Sadler, who was in the same form, and wanted to get the prize. Sadler was stronger than he was, and had a genius for persecution. He had done so badly that his mother was unhappy; and it was impossible for him to explain. In 1906 he had fallen in love for the first timeah, much more violently than ever sincewith a boy of his own age. Platonic it had been and profound. He had done badly that term, too; not on purpose, but because he had spent so much time helping young Vickers with his work. Vickers was really very stupid. The next term he had come out Staphylococcus pyogenes is a lover of growing adolescencewith spots and boils all over his face and neck. Gumbrils affection ceased as suddenly as it had begun. He finished that term, he remembered, with a second prize. But it was time to be thinking seriously of Pio Nono. With a sigh of disgusted weariness, Gumbril looked at his papers. What had Falarope Major to say of the Pontiff? Pius IX was called Ferretti. He was a liberal before he was a Pope. A kindly man of less than average intelligence, 13 he thought that all difficulties could be settled by a little goodwill, a few reforms and a political amnesty. He wrote several encyclicals and a syllabus. Gumbril admired the phrase about less than average intelligence; Falarope Major should have at least one mark for having learnt it so well by heart. He turned to the next paper. Higgs was of opinion that Pius the Ninth was a good but stupid man, who thought he could settle the Risorgimento with a few reforms and a political armistice. Beddoes was severer. Pius IX was a bad man, who said that he was infallible, which showed he had a less than average intelligence. Sopwith Minor shared the general opinion about Pios intelligence, and displayed a great familiarity with the wrong dates. Clegg-Weller was voluminous and informative. Pius IX was not so clever as his prime minister, Cardinal Antonelli. When he came to the tiara he was a liberal, and Metternich said he had never reckoned on a liberal pope. He then became a conservative. He was kindly, but not intelligent, and he thought Garibaldi and Cavour would be content with a few reforms and an amnesty. At the top of Garstangs paper was written I have had measles all the holidays, so have been unable to read more than the first thirty pages of the book. Pope Pius IX does not come into these pages, of the contents of which I will proceed to give the following précis. And the précis duly followed. Gumbril would have liked to give him full marks. But the business-like answer of Appleyard called him back to a better sense of his duty. Pius IX became Pope in 1846 and died in 1878. He was a kindly man, but his intelligence was below the.... Gumbril laid the paper down and shut his eyes. No, this was really impossible. Definitely, it couldnt go on, 14 it could not go on. There were thirteen weeks in the summer term, there would be thirteen in the autumn and eleven or twelve in the spring; and then another summer of thirteen, and so it would go on for ever. For ever. It wouldnt do. He would go away and live uncomfortably on his three hundred. Or, no, he would go away and he would make moneythat was more like itmoney on a large scale, easily; he would be free and he would live. For the first time, he would live. Behind his closed eyes, he saw himself living. Over the plushy floors of some vast and ignoble Ritz slowly he walked, at ease, with confidence over the plushy floors and there, at the end of a long vista, there was Myra Viveash, waiting, this time, for him; coming forward impatiently to meet him, his abject lover now, not the cool, free, laughing mistress who had lent herself contemptuously once to his pathetic and silent importunity and then, after a day, withdrawn the gift again. Over the plushy floors to dine. Not that he was in love with Myra any longer but revenge is sweet. He sat in his own house. The Chinese statues looked out from the niches; the Maillols passionately meditated, slept, and were more than alive. The Goyas hung on the walls, there was a Boucher in the bathroom; and when he entered with his guests, what a Piazzetta exploded above the dining-room mantelpiece! Over the ancient wine they talked together, and he knew everything they knew and more; he gave, he inspired, it was the others who assimilated and were enriched. After dinner there were Mozart quartets; he opened his portfolios and showed his Daumiers, his Tiepolos, his Canaletto sketches, his drawings by Picasso and Lewis, and the purity of his naked 15 Ingres. And later, talking of Odalisques, there were orgies without fatigue or disgust, and the women were pictures and lust in action, art. Over the empty plains forty horses impelled him towards Mantua rubadubadubadub, with the silencer out. Towards the most romantic city in all the world. When he spoke to womenhow easily and insolently he spoke now!they listened and laughed and looked at him sideways and dropped their eyelids over the admission, the invitation, of their glance. With Phyllis once he had sat, for how long? in a warm and moonless darkness, saying nothing, risking no gesture. And in the end they had parted, reluctantly and still in silence. Phyllis now was with him once again in the summer night; but this time he spoke, now softly, now in the angry breathless whisper of desire, he reached out and took her, and she was naked in his arms. All chance encounters, all plotted opportunities recurred; he knew, now, how to live, how to take advantage of them. Over the empty plains towards Mantua, towards Mantua, he slid along at ease, free and alone. He explored the horrors of Roman society; visited Athens and Seville. To Unamuno and Papini he conversed familiarly in their own tongues. He understood perfectly and without effort the quantum theory. To his friend Shearwater he gave half a million for physiological research. He visited Schoenberg and persuaded him to write still better music. He exhibited to the politicians the full extent of their stupidity and their wickedness; he set them working for the salvation, not the destruction, of humanity. Once in the past when he had been called upon to make a public speech, he had felt so nervous that he was sick; the thousands 16 who listened to him now bent like wheat under the wind of his eloquence. But it was only by the way and occasionally that he troubled himself to move them. He found it easy now to come to terms with every one he met, to understand all points of view, to identify himself with even the most unfamiliar spirit. And he knew how everybody lived, and what it was like to be a mill girl, a dustman, an engine-driver, a Jew, an Anglican bishop, a confidence-trickster. Accustomed as he was to being swindled and imposed upon without protest, he now knew the art of being brutal. He was just dressing down that insolent porter at the Continental, who had complained that ten francs wasnt enough and had got, as a matter of historic fact, another five in addition, when his landlady gave a knock, opened the door and said Dinners ready, Mr. Gumbril. Feeling a little ashamed at having been interrupted in what was, after all, one of the ignobler and more trivial occupations of his new life, Gumbril went down to his fatty chop and green peas. It was the first meal to be eaten under the new dispensation; he ate it, for all that it was unhappily indistinguishable from the meals of the past, with elation and a certain solemnity, as though he were partaking of a sacrament. He felt buoyant with the thought that at last, at last, he was doing something about life. When the chop was eaten, he went upstairs and, after filling two suit-cases and a Gladstone bag with the most valued of his possessions, addressed himself to the task of writing to the Headmaster. He might have gone away, of course, without writing. But it would be nobler, more in keeping, he felt, with his new life, to leave a justification behindor rather not a justification, a denouncement. He picked up his pen and denounced. 17 CHAPTER II Gumbril senior occupied a tall, narrow-shouldered and rachitic house in a little obscure square not far from Paddington. There were five floors, and a basement with beetles, and nearly a hundred stairs, which shook when any one ran too rudely down them. It was a prematurely old and decaying house in a decaying quarter. The square in which it stood was steadily coming down in the world. The houses which a few years ago had all been occupied by respectable families, were now split up into squalid little maisonnettes, and from the neighbouring slums, which along with most other unpleasant things the old bourgeois families had been able to ignore, invading bands of children came to sport on the once sacred pavements. Mr. Gumbril was almost the last survivor of the old inhabitants. He liked his house, and he liked his square. Social decadence had not affected the fourteen plane trees which adorned its little garden, and the gambols of the dirty children did not disturb the starlings who came, evening by evening in summer-time, to roost in their branches. On fine evenings he used to sit out on his balcony waiting for the coming of the birds. And just at sunset, when the sky was most golden, there would be a twittering overhead, and the black, innumerable flocks of starlings would come sweeping across on the way from their daily haunts to their roosting-places, chosen so capriciously among the tree-planted 18 squares and gardens of the city and so tenaciously retained, year after year, to the exclusion of every other place. Why his fourteen plane trees should have been chosen, Mr. Gumbril could never imagine. There were plenty of larger and more umbrageous gardens all round; but they remained birdless, while every evening, from the larger flocks, a faithful legion detached itself to settle clamorously among his trees. They sat and chattered till the sun went down and twilight was past, with intervals every now and then of silence that fell suddenly and inexplicably on all the birds at once, lasted through a few seconds of thrilling suspense, to end as suddenly and senselessly in an outburst of the same loud and simultaneous conversation. The starlings were Mr. Gumbrils most affectionately cherished friends; sitting out on his balcony to watch and listen to them, he had caught at the shut of treacherous evenings many colds and chills on the liver, he had laid up for himself many painful hours of rheumatism. These little accidents did nothing, however, to damp his affection for the birds; and still on every evening that could possibly be called fine, he was always to be seen in the twilight, sitting on the balcony, gazing up, round-spectacled and rapt, at the fourteen plane trees. The breezes stirred in his grey hair, tossing it up in long, light wisps that fell across his forehead and over his spectacles; and then he would shake his head impatiently, and the bony hand would be freed for a moment from its unceasing combing and clutching of the sparse grey beard to push back the strayed tendrils, to smooth and reduce to order the whole ruffled head. The birds chattered on, the hand went back to its clutching and combing; once more the wind blew; 19 darkness came down, and the gas lamps round the square lit up the outer leaves of the plane trees, touched the privet bushes inside the railings with an emerald light; behind them was impenetrable night; instead of shorn grass and bedded geraniums there was mystery, there were endless depths. And the birds at last were silent. Mr. Gumbril would get up from his iron chair, stretch his arms and his stiff cold legs and go in through the French window to work. The birds were his diversion; when they were silent, it was time to think of serious matters. To-night, however, he was not working; for always on Sunday evenings his old friend Porteous came to dine and talk. Breaking in unexpectedly at midnight, Gumbril Junior found them sitting in front of the gas fire in his fathers study. My dear fellow, what on earth are you doing here? Gumbril Senior jumped up excitedly at his sons entrance. The light silky hair floated up with the movement, turned for a moment into a silver aureole, then subsided again. Mr. Porteous stayed where he was, calm, solid and undishevelled as a seated pillar-box. He wore a monocle on a black ribbon, a black stock tie that revealed above its double folds a quarter of an inch of stiff white collar, a double-breasted black coat, a pair of pale checked trousers and patent leather boots with cloth tops. Mr. Porteous was very particular about his appearance. Meeting him casually for the first time, one would not have guessed that Mr. Porteous was an expert on Late Latin poetry; and he did not mean that you should guess. Thin-limbed, bent and agile in his loose, crumpled clothes, Gumbril Senior had the air, beside Mr. Porteous, of a strangely animated scarecrow. 20 What on earth? the old gentleman repeated his question. Gumbril Junior shrugged his shoulders. I was bored, I decided to cease being a schoolmaster. He spoke with a fine airy assumption of carelessness. How are you, Mr. Porteous? Thank you, invariably well. Well, well, said Gumbril Senior, sitting down again, I must say Im not surprised. Im only surprised that you stood it, not being a born pedagogue, for as long as you did. What ever induced you to think of turning usher, I cant imagine. He looked at his son first through his spectacles, then over the top of them; the motives of the boys conduct revealed themselves to neither vision. What else was there for me to do? asked Gumbril Junior, pulling up a chair towards the fire. You gave me a pedagogues education and washed your hands of me. No opportunities, no openings. I had no alternative. And now you reproach me. Mr. Gumbril made an impatient gesture. Youre talking nonsense, he said. The only point of the kind of education you had is this, it gives a young man leisure to find out what hes interested in. You apparently werent sufficiently interested in anything I am interested in everything, interrupted Gumbril Junior. Which comes to the same thing, said his father parenthetically, as being interested in nothing. And he went on from the point at which he had been interrupted. You werent sufficiently interested in anything to want to devote yourself to it. That was why you sought the last refuge of feeble minds with classical educations, you became a schoolmaster. 21 Come, come, said Mr. Porteous. I do a little teaching myself; I must stand up for the profession. Gumbril Senior let go his beard and brushed back the hair that the wind of his own vehemence had brought tumbling into his eyes. I dont denigrate the profession, he said. Not at all. It would be an excellent profession if every one who went into it were as much interested in teaching as you are in your job, Porteous, or I in mine. Its these undecided creatures like Theodore, who ruin it by drifting in. Until all teachers are geniuses and enthusiasts, nobody will learn anything, except what they teach themselves. Still, said Mr. Porteous, I wish I hadnt had to learn so much by myself. I wasted a lot of time finding out how to set to work and where to discover what I wanted. Gumbril Junior was lighting his pipe. I have come to the conclusion, he said, speaking in little jerks between each suck of the flame into the bowl, that most people ... ought never ... to be taught anything at all. He threw away the match. Lord have mercy upon us, theyre dogs. Whats the use of teaching them anything except to behave well, to work and obey. Facts, theories, the truth about the universewhat good are those to them? Teach them to understandwhy, it only confuses them; makes them lose hold of the simple real appearance. Not more than one in a hundred can get any good out of a scientific or literary education. And youre one of the ones? asked his father. That goes without saying, Gumbril Junior replied. I think you maynt be so far wrong, said Mr. Porteous. When I think of my own children, for example.... 22 he sighed, I thought theyd be interested in the things that interested me; they dont seem to be interested in anything but behaving like little apesnot very anthropoid ones either, for that matter. At my eldest boys age I used to sit up most of the night reading Latin texts. He sits upor rather stands, reels, trots updancing and drinking. Do you remember St. Bernard?  Vigilet tota nocte luxuriosus non solum patienter  the ascetic and the scholar only watch patiently;  sed et libenter, ut suam expleat voluptatem . What the wise man does out of a sense of duty, the fool does for fun. And Ive tried very hard to make him like Latin. Well in any case, said Gumbril Junior, you didnt try to feed him on history. Thats the real unforgivable sin. And thats what Ive been doing, up till this eveningencouraging boys of fifteen and sixteen to specialize in history, hours and hours a week, making them read bad writers generalizations about subjects on which only our ignorance allows us to generalize; teaching them to reproduce these generalizations in horrid little Essays of their own; rotting their minds, in fact, with a diet of soft vagueness; scandalous it was. If these creatures are to be taught anything, it should be something hard and definite. Latinthats excellent. Mathematics, physical science. Let them read history for amusement, certainly. But for Heavens sake dont make it the staple of education! Gumbril Junior spoke with the greatest earnestness, as though he were an inspector of schools, making a report. It was a subject on which, at the moment, he felt very profoundly; he felt profoundly on all subjects while he was talking about them. I wrote a long letter to the Headmaster about the teaching of history this evening, 23 he added. Its most important. He shook his head thoughtfully, Most important.  Hora novissima, tempora pessimma sunt, vigilemus , said Mr. Porteous, in the words of St. Peter Damianus. Very true, Gumbril Senior applauded. And talking about bad times, Theodore, what do you propose to do now, may I ask? I mean to begin by making some money. Gumbril Senior put his hands on his knees, bent forward and laughed, Ha, ha, ha! He had a profound bell-like laugh that was like the croaking of a very large and melodious frog. You wont, he said, and shook his head till the hair fell into his eyes. You wont, and he laughed again. To make money, said Mr. Porteous, one must be really interested in money. And hes not, said Gumbril Senior. None of us are. When I was still uncommonly hard up, Mr. Porteous continued, we used to lodge in the same house with a Russian Jew, who was a furrier. That man was interested in money, if you like. It was a passion, an enthusiasm, an ideal. He could have led a comfortable, easy life, and still have made enough to put by something for his old age. But for his high abstract ideal of money he suffered more than Michelangelo ever suffered for his art. He used to work nineteen hours a day, and the other five he slept, lying under his bench, in the dirt, breathing into his lungs the stink and the broken hairs. He is now very rich indeed and does nothing with his money, doesnt want to do anything, doesnt know what one does do with it. He desires neither power nor pleasure. His desire for lucre is purely disinterested. He reminds me of Brownings Grammarian. I have a great admiration for him. 24 Mr. Porteouss own passion had been for the poems of Notker Balbulus and St. Bernard. It had taken him nearly twenty years to get himself and his family out of the house where the Russian furrier used to lodge. But Notker was worth it, he used to say; Notker was worth even the weariness and the pallor of a wife who worked beyond her strength, even the shabbiness of ill-dressed and none too well-fed children. He had readjusted his monocle and gone on. But there had been occasions when it needed more than the monocle and the careful, distinguished clothes to keep up his morale . Still, those times were over now; Notker had brought him at last a kind of fameeven, indirectly, a certain small prosperity. Gumbril Senior turned once more towards his son. And how do you propose, he asked, to make this money? Gumbril Junior explained. He had thought it all out in the cab on the way from the station. It came to me this morning, he said, in chapel, during service. Monstrous, put in Gumbril Senior, with a genuine indignation, monstrous these mediæval survivals in schools! Chapel, indeed! It came, Gumbril Junior went on, like an apocalypse, suddenly, like a divine inspiration. A grand and luminous idea came to methe idea of Gumbrils Patent Small-Clothes. And what are Gumbrils Patent Small-Clothes? A boon to those whose occupation is sedentary; Gumbril Junior had already composed his prospectus and his first advertisements a comfort to all travellers, civilizations substitute for steatopygism, indispensable to first-nighters, the concert-goers friend, the.... 25  Lectulus Dei floridus , intoned Mr. Porteous.  Gazophylacium Ecclesiæ, Cithara benesonans Dei, Cymbalum jubilationis Christi, Promptuarium mysteriorum fidei, ora pro nobis. Your small-clothes sound to me very like one of my old litanies, Theodore. We want scientific descriptions, not litanies, said Gumbril Senior. What are Gumbrils Patent Small-Clothes? Scientifically, then, said Gumbril Junior, my Patent Small-Clothes may be described as trousers with a pneumatic seat, inflateable by means of a tube fitted with a valve; the whole constructed of stout seamless red rubber, enclosed between two layers of cloth. I must say, said Gumbril Senior on a tone of somewhat grudging approbation, I have heard of worse inventions. You are too stout, Porteous, to be able to appreciate the idea. We Gumbrils are all a bony lot. When I have taken out a patent for my invention, his son went on, very business-like and cool, I shall either sell it to some capitalist, or I shall exploit it commercially myself. In either case, I shall make money, which is more, I may say, than you or any other Gumbril have ever done. Quite right, said Gumbril Senior, quite right; and he laughed very cheerfully. And nor will you. You can be grateful to your intolerable Aunt Flo for having left you that three hundred a year. Youll need it. But if you really want a capitalist, he went on, I have exactly the man for you. Hes a man who has a mania for buying Tudor houses and making them more Tudor than they are. 26 Ive pulled half a dozen of the wretched things to pieces and put them together again differently for him. He doesnt sound much good to me, said his son. Ah, but thats only his vice. Only his amusement. His business, Gumbril Senior hesitated. Well, what is his business? Well, it seems to be everything. Patent medicine, trade newspapers, bankrupt tobacconists stockhes talked to me about those and heaps more. He seems to flit like a butterfly in search of honey, or rather money. And he makes it? Well, he pays my fees and he buys more Tudor houses, and he gives me luncheons at the Ritz. Thats all I know. Well, theres no harm in trying. Ill write to him, said Gumbril Senior. His name is Boldero. Hell either laugh at your idea or take it and give you nothing for it. Still, he looked at his son over the top of his spectacles, if by any conceivable chance you ever should become rich; if, if, if.... And he emphasized the remoteness of the conditional by raising his eyebrows a little higher, by throwing out his hands in a dubious gesture a little farther at every repetition of the word, ifwhy, then Ive got exactly the thing for you. Look at this really delightful little idea I had this afternoon. He put his hand in his coat pocket and after some sorting and sifting produced a sheet of squared paper on which was roughly drawn the elevation of a house. For any one with eight or ten thousand to spend, this would bethis would be.... Gumbril Senior smoothed his hair and hesitated, searching for something strong enough to say of his little idea. Well, this would be much too good for 27 most of the greasy devils who do have eight or ten thousand to spend. He passed the sheet to Gumbril Junior, who held it out so that both Mr. Porteous and himself could look at it. Gumbril Senior got up from his chair and, standing behind them, leant over to elucidate and explain. You see the idea, he said, anxious lest they should fail to understand. A central block of three stories, with low wings of only one, ending in pavilions with a second floor. And the flat roofs of the wings are used as gardensyou see?protected from the north by a wall. In the east wing there is the kitchen and the garage, with the maids rooms in the pavilion at the end. The west is a library, and it has an arcaded loggia along the front. And instead of a solid superstructure corresponding to the maids rooms, theres a pergola with brick piers. You see? And in the main block theres a Spanish sort of balcony along the whole length at first-floor level; that gives a good horizontal line. And you get the perpendiculars with coigns and raised panels. And the roofs hidden by a balustrade, and there are balustrades along the open sides of the roof gardens on the wings. All in brick it is. This is the garden front; the entrance front will be admirable too. Do you like it? Gumbril Junior nodded. Very much, he said. His father sighed and taking the sketch put it back in his pocket. You must hurry up with your ten thousand, he said. And you Porteous, and you. Ive been waiting so long to build your splendid house. Laughing, Mr. Porteous got up from his chair. And long, dear Gumbril, he said, may you continue to wait. For my splendid house wont be built this side of New 28 Jerusalem, and you must go on living a long time yet. A long, long time, Mr. Porteous repeated; and carefully he buttoned up his double-breasted coat, carefully, as though he were adjusting an instrument of precision, he took out and replaced his monocle. Then, very erect and neat, very soldierly and pillar-boxical, he marched towards the door. Youve kept me very late to-night, he said. Unconscionably late. The front door closed heavily behind Mr. Porteouss departure. Gumbril Senior came upstairs again into the big room on the first floor smoothing down his hair, which the impetuosity of his ascent had once more disarranged. Thats a good fellow, he said of his departed guest, a splendid fellow. I always admire the monocle, said Gumbril Junior irrelevantly. But his father turned the irrelevance into relevance. He couldnt have come through without it, I believe. It was a symbol, a proud flag. Povertys squalid, not fine at all. The monocle made a kind of difference, you understand. Im always so enormously thankful I had a little money. I couldnt have stuck it without. It needs strength, more strength than Ive got. He clutched his beard close under the chin and remained for a moment pensively silent. The advantage of Porteouss line of business, he went on at last, reflectively, is that it can be carried on by oneself, without collaboration. Theres no need to appeal to any one outside oneself, or to have any dealings with other people at all, if one doesnt want to. Thats so deplorable about architecture. Theres no privacy, so to speak; always this horrible jostling with clients and builders and contractors and people, before one 29 can get anything done. Its really revolting. Im not good at people. Most of them I dont like at all, not at all, Mr. Gumbril repeated with vehemence. I dont deal with them very well; it isnt my business. My business is architecture. But I dont often get a chance of practising it. Not properly. Gumbril Senior smiled rather sadly. Still, he said, I can do something. I have my talent, I have my imagination. They cant take those from me. Come and see what Ive been doing lately. He led the way out of the room and mounted, two steps at a time, towards a higher floor. He opened the door of what should have been, in a well-ordered house, the Best Bedroom, and slipped into the darkness. Dont rush in, he called back to his son, for Gods sake dont rush in. Youll smash something. Wait till Ive turned on the light. Its so like these asinine electricians to have hidden the switch behind the door like this. Gumbril Junior heard him fumbling in the darkness; there was suddenly light. He stepped in. The only furniture in the room consisted of a couple of long trestle tables. On these, on the mantelpiece and all over the floor, were scattered confusedly, like the elements of a jumbled city, a vast collection of architectural models. There were cathedrals, there were town halls, universities, public libraries, there were three or four elegant little sky-scrapers, there were blocks of offices, huge warehouses, factories, and finally dozens of magnificent country mansions, complete with their terraced gardens, their noble flights of steps, their fountains and ornamental waters and grandly bridged canals, their little rococo pavilions and garden houses. 30 Arent they beautiful? Gumbril Senior turned enthusiastically towards his son. His long grey hair floated wispily about his head, his spectacles flashed, and behind them his eyes shone with emotion. Beautiful, Gumbril Junior agreed. When youre really rich, said his father, Ill build you one of these. And he pointed to a little village of Chatsworths clustering, at one end of a long table, round the dome of a vaster and austerer St. Peters. Look at this one, for example. He picked his way nimbly across the room, seized the little electric reading-lamp that stood between a railway station and a baptistery on the mantelpiece, and was back again in an instant, trailing behind him a long flex that, as it tautened out, twitched one of the crowning pinnacles off the top of a sky-scraper near the fireplace. Look, he repeated, look. He switched on the current, and moving the lamp back and forth, up and down in front of the miniature palace. See the beauty of the light and shade, he said. There, underneath the great, ponderous cornice, isnt that fine? And look how splendidly the pilasters carry up the vertical lines. And then the solidity of it, the size, the immense, impending bleakness of it! He threw up his arms, he turned his eyes upwards as though standing overwhelmed at the foot of some huge precipitous façade. The lights and shadows vacillated wildly through all the city of palaces and domes as he brandished the lamp in ecstasy above his head. And then, he had suddenly stooped down, he was peering and pointing once more into the details of his palace, then theres the doorwayall florid and rich with carving. How magnificently and surprisingly it flowers out of the bare walls! Like the colossal writing of 31 Darius, like the figures graven in the bald face of the precipice over Behistununexpected and beautiful and human, human in the surrounding emptiness. Gumbril Senior brushed back his hair and turned, smiling, to look at his son over the top of his spectacles. Very fine, Gumbril Junior nodded to him. But isnt the wall a little too blank? You seem to allow very few windows in this vast palazzo. True, his father replied, very true. He sighed. Im afraid this design would hardly do for England. Its meant for a place where theres some sunwhere you do your best to keep the light out, instead of letting it in, as you have to do here. Windows are the curse of architecture in this country. Your walls have to be like sieves, all holes, its heart-breaking. If you wanted me to build you this house, youd have to live in Barbados or somewhere like that. Theres nothing I should like better, said Gumbril Junior. Another great advantage of sunny countries, Gumbril Senior pursued, is that one can really live like an aristocrat, in privacy, by oneself. No need to look out on the dirty world or to let the dirty world look in on you. Heres this great house, for example, looking out on the world through a few dark portholes and a single cavernous doorway. But look inside. He held his lamp above the courtyard that was at the heart of the palace. Gumbril Junior leaned and looked, like his father. All the life looks inwardsinto a lovely courtyard, a more than Spanish patio . Look there at the treble tiers of arcades, the vaulted cloisters for your cool peripatetic meditations, the central Triton spouting white water into a marble pool, the 32 mosaic work on the floor and flowering up the walls, brilliant against the white stucco. And theres the archway that leads out into the gardens. And now you must come and have a look at the garden front. He walked round with his lamp to the other side of the table. There was suddenly a crash; the wire had twitched a cathedral from off the table. It lay on the floor in disastrous ruin as though shattered by some appalling cataclysm. Hell and death! said Gumbril Senior in an outburst of Elizabethan fury. He put down the lamp and ran to see how irreparable the disaster had been. Theyre so horribly expensive, these models, he explained, as he bent over the ruins. Tenderly he picked up the pieces and replaced them on the table. It might have been worse, he said at last, brushing the dust off his hands. Though Im afraid that dome will never be quite the same again. Picking up the lamp once more, he held it high above his head and stood looking out, with a melancholy satisfaction, over his creations. And to think, he said after a pause, that Ive been spending these last days designing model cottages for workmen at Bletchley! Im in luck to have got the job, of course, but really, that a civilized man should have to do jobs like that! Its too much. In the old days these creatures built their own hovels, and very nice and suitable they were too. The architects busied themselves with architecturewhich is the expression of human dignity and greatness, which is mans protest, not his miserable acquiescence. You cant do much protesting in a model cottage at seven hundred pounds a time. A little, no doubt, you can protest a little; you can give your cottage decent proportions and avoid sordidness and vulgarity. But thats all; its really a negative process. 33 You can only begin to protest positively and actively when you abandon the petty human scale and build for giantswhen you build for the spirit and the imagination of man, not for his little body. Model cottages, indeed! Mr. Gumbril snorted with indignation. When I think of Alberti! And he thought of AlbertiAlberti, the noblest Roman of them all, the true and only Roman. For the Romans themselves had lived their own actual lives, sordidly and extravagantly in the middle of a vulgar empire. Alberti and his followers in the Renaissance lived the ideal Roman life. They put Plutarch into their architecture. They took the detestable real Cato, the Brutus of history, and made of them Roman heroes to walk as guides and models before them. Before Alberti there were no true Romans, and with Piranesis death the race began to wither towards extinction. And when I think of Brunelleschi! Gumbril Senior went on to remember with passion the architect who had suspended on eight thin flying ribs of marble the lightest of all domes and the loveliest. And when of Michelangelo! The grim, enormous apse.... And of Wren and of Palladio, when I think of all these Gumbril Senior waved his arms and was silent. He could not put into words what he felt when he thought of them. Gumbril Junior looked at his watch. Half-past two, he said. Time to go to bed. 34 CHAPTER III Mister Gumbril! Surprise was mingled with delight. This is indeed a pleasure! Delight was now the prevailing emotion expressed by the voice that advanced, as yet without a visible source, from the dark recesses of the shop. The pleasure, Mr. Bojanus, is mine. Gumbril closed the shop door behind him. A very small man, dressed in a frock-coat, popped out from a canyon that opened, a mere black crevice, between two stratified precipices of mid-season suitings, and advancing into the open space before the door bowed with an old-world grace, revealing a nacreous scalp thinly mantled with long damp creepers of brown hair. And to what, may I ask, do I owe this pleasure, sir? Mr. Bojanus looked up archly with a sideways cock of his head that tilted the rigid points of his waxed moustache. The fingers of his right hand were thrust into the bosom of his frock-coat and his toes were turned out in the dancing-masters First Position. A light spring great-coat, is it? Or a new suit? I notice, his eye travelled professionally up and down Gumbrils long, thin form, I notice that the garments you are wearing at present, Mr. Gumbril, lookhow shall I say?well, a trifle negleejay, as the French would put it, a trifle negleejay. Gumbril looked down at himself. He resented Mr. 35 Bojanuss negleejay, he was pained and wounded by the aspersion. Negleejay? And he had fancied that he really looked rather elegant and distinguished but, after all, he always looked that, even in ragsno, that he looked positively neat, like Mr. Porteous, positively soldierly in his black jacket and his musical comedy trousers and his patent leather shoes. And the black felt hatdidnt that just add the foreign, the Southern touch which saved the whole composition from banality? He regarded himself, trying to see his clothesgarments, Mr. Bojanus had called them; garments, good Lord!through the tailors expert eyes. There were sagging folds about the overloaded pockets, there was a stain on his waistcoat, the knees of his trousers were baggy and puckered like the bare knees of Hélène Fourmont in Rubenss fur-coat portrait at Vienna. Yes, it was all horribly negleejay. He felt depressed; but looking at Mr. Bojanuss studied and professional correctness, he was a little comforted. That frock-coat, for example. It was like something in a very modern picturesuch a smooth, unwrinkled cylinder about the chest, such a sense of pure and abstract conic-ness in the sleekly rounded skirts! Nothing could have been less negleejay. He was reassured. I want you, he said at last, clearing his throat importantly, to make me a pair of trousers to a novel specification of my own. Its a new idea. And he gave a brief description of Gumbrils Patent Small Clothes. Mr. Bojanus listened with attention. I can make them for you, he said, when the description was finished. I can make them for youif you really wish, Mr. Gumbril, he added. Thank you, said Gumbril. 36 And do you intend, may I ask, Mr. Gumbril, to wear these ... these garments? Guiltily, Gumbril denied himself. Only to demonstrate the idea, Mr. Bojanus. I am exploiting the invention commercially, you see. Commercially? I see, Mr. Gumbril. Perhaps you would like a share, suggested Gumbril. Mr. Bojanus shook his head. It wouldnt do for my cleeantail, I fear, Mr. Gumbril. You could ardly expect the Best People to wear such things. Couldnt you? Mr. Bojanus went on shaking his head. I know them, he said, I know the Best People. Well. And he added with an irrelevance that was, perhaps, only apparent, Between ourselves, Mr. Gumbril, I am a great admirer of Lenin.... So am I, said Gumbril, theoretically. But then I have so little to lose to Lenin. I can afford to admire him. But you, Mr. Bojanus, you, the prosperous bourgeoisoh, purely in the economic sense of the word, Mr. Bojanus.... Mr. Bojanus accepted the explanation with one of his old-world bows. ... you would be among the first to suffer if an English Lenin were to start his activities here. There, Mr. Gumbril, if I may be allowed to say so, you are wrong. Mr. Bojanus removed his hand from his bosom and employed it to emphasize the points of his discourse. When the revolution comes, Mr. Gumbrilthe great and necessary revolution, as Alderman Beckford called itit wont be the owning of a little money thatll get a man into trouble. Itll be his class-habits, Mr. Gumbril, 37 his class-speech, his class-education. Itll be Shibboleth all over again, Mr. Gumbril; mark my words. The Red Guards will stop people in the street and ask them to say some such word as towel. If they call it towel, like you and your friends, Mr. Gumbril, why then.... Mr. Bojanus went through the gestures of pointing a rifle and pulling the trigger; he clicked his tongue against his teeth to symbolize the report.... Thatll be the end of them. But if they say tèaul, like the rest of us, Mr. Gumbril, itll be Pass Friend and Long Live the Proletariat. Long live Tèaul. Im afraid you may be right, said Gumbril. Im convinced of it, said Mr. Bojanus. Its my clients, Mr. Gumbril, its the Best People that the other people resent. Its their confidence, their ease, its the habit their money and their position give them of ordering people about, its the way they take their place in the world for granted, its their prestige, which the other people would like to deny, but cantits all that, Mr. Gumbril, thats so galling. Gumbril nodded. He himself had envied his securer friends their power of ignoring the humanity of those who were not of their class. To do that really well, one must always have lived in a large house full of clockwork servants; one must never have been short of money, never at a restaurant ordered the cheaper thing instead of the more delicious; one must never have regarded a policeman as anything but ones paid defender against the lower orders, never for a moment have doubted ones divine right to do, within the accepted limits, exactly what one liked without a further thought to anything or any one but oneself and ones own enjoyment. Gumbril had been brought 38 up among these blessed beings; but he was not one of them. Alas? or fortunately? He hardly knew which. And what good do you expect the revolution to do, Mr. Bojanus? he asked at last. Mr. Bojanus replaced his hand in his bosom. None whatever, Mr. Gumbril, he said. None whatever. But Liberty, Gumbril suggested, equality and all that. What about those, Mr. Bojanus? Mr. Bojanus smiled up at him tolerantly and kindly, as he might have smiled at some one who had suggested, shall we say, that evening trousers should be turned up at the bottom. Liberty, Mr. Gumbril? he said; you dont suppose any serious-minded person imagines a revolution is going to bring liberty, do you? The people who make the revolution always seem to ask for liberty. But do they ever get it, Mr. Gumbril? Mr. Bojanus cocked his head playfully and smiled. Look at istory, Mr. Gumbril, look at istory. First its the French Revolution. They ask for political liberty. And they gets it. Then comes the Reform Bill, then Forty-Eight, then all the Franchise Acts and Votes for Womenalways more and more political liberty. And whats the result, Mr. Gumbril? Nothing at all. Whos freer for political liberty? Not a soul, Mr. Gumbril. There was never a greater swindle atched in the ole of istory. And when you think ow those poor young men like Shelley talked about itits pathetic, said Mr. Bojanus, shaking his head, reelly pathetic. Political libertys a swindle because a man doesnt spend his time being political. He spends it sleeping, eating, amusing himself a little and workingmostly working. When theyd got all the political liberty they 39 wantedor found they didnt wantthey began to understand this. And so now its all for the industrial revolution, Mr. Gumbril. But bless you, thats as big a swindle as the other. How can there ever be liberty under any system? No amount of profit-sharing or self-government by the workers, no amount of hyjeenic conditions or cocoa villages or recreation grounds can get rid of the fundamental slaverythe necessity of working. Liberty? why, it doesnt exist! Theres no liberty in this world; only gilded cages. And then, Mr. Gumbril, even suppose you could somehow get rid of the necessity of working, suppose a mans time were all leisure. Would he be free then? I say nothing of the natural slavery of eating and sleeping and all that, Mr. Gumbril; I say nothing of that, because that, if I may say so, would be too air-splitting and metaphysical. But what I do ask you is this, and Mr. Bojanus wagged his forefinger almost menacingly at the sleeping partner in this dialogue would a man with unlimited leisure be free, Mr. Gumbril? I say he would not. Not unless he appened to be a man like you or me, Mr. Gumbril, a man of sense, a man of independent judgment. An ordinary man would not be free. Because he wouldnt know how to occupy his leisure except in some way that would be forced on im by other people. People dont know ow to entertain themselves now; they leave it to other people to do it for them. They swallow whats given them. They ave to swallow it, whether they like it or not. Cinemas, newspapers, magazines, gramophones, football matches, wireless telephonestake them or leave them, if you want to amuse youself. The ordinary man cant leave them. He takes; and whats that but slavery? And so you see, Mr. Gumbril, Mr. Bojanus smiled with a 40 kind of roguish triumph, you see that even in the purely ypothetical case of a man with indefinite leisure, there still would be no freedom.... And the case, as I have said, is purely ypothetical; at any rate so far as concerns the sort of people who want a revolution. And as for the sort of people who do enjoy leisure, even nowwhy I think, Mr. Gumbril, you and I know enough about the Best People to know that freedom, except possibly sexual freedom, is not their strongest point. And sexual freedomwhats that? Mr. Bojanus dramatically inquired. You and I, Mr. Gumbril, he answered confidentially, we know. Its an orrible, ideous slavery. Thats what it is. Or am I wrong, Mr. Gumbril? Quite right, quite right, Mr. Bojanus, Gumbril hastened to reply. From all of which, continued Mr. Bojanus, it follows that, except for a few, a very few people like you and me, Mr. Gumbril, theres no such thing as liberty. Its an oax, Mr. Gumbril. An orrible plant. And if I may be allowed to say so, Mr. Bojanus lowered his voice, but still spoke with emphasis, a bloody swindle. But in that case, Mr. Bojanus, why are you so anxious to have a revolution? Gumbril inquired. Thoughtfully, Mr. Bojanus twisted to a finer point his waxed moustaches. Well, he said at last, it would be a nice change. I was always one for change and a little excitement. And then theres the scientific interest. You never quite know ow an experiment will turn out, do you, Mr. Gumbril? I remember when I was a boy, my old dada great gardener he was, a regular floriculturist, you might say, Mr. Gumbrilhe tried the experiment of grafting a sprig of Gloire de Dijon on to a black currant 41 bush. And, would you believe it? the roses came out black, coal black, Mr. Gumbril. Nobody would ever have guessed that if the thing had never been tried. And thats what I say about the revolution. You dont know whatll come of it till you try. Black roses, blue rosesoo knows, Mr. Gumbril, oo knows? Who indeed? Gumbril looked at his watch. About those trousers ... he added. Those garments, corrected Mr. Bojanus. Ah, yes. Should we say next Tuesday? Let us say next Tuesday. Gumbril opened the shop door. Good morning, Mr. Bojanus. Mr. Bojanus bowed him out, as though he had been a prince of the blood. The sun was shining and at the end of the street between the houses the sky was blue. Gauzily the distances faded to a soft rich indistinctness; there were veils of golden muslin thickening down the length of every vista. On the trees in the Hanover Square gardens the young leaves were still so green that they seemed to be alight, green fire, and the sooty trunks looked blacker and dirtier than ever. It would have been a pleasant and apposite thing if a cuckoo had started calling. But though the cuckoo was silent it was a happy day. A day, Gumbril reflected, as he strolled idly along, to be in love. From the world of tailors Gumbril passed into that of the artificial pearl merchants and with a still keener appreciation of the amorous qualities of this clear spring day, he began a leisured march along the perfumed pavements of Bond Street. He thought with a profound satisfaction of those sixty-three papers on the Risorgimento. How pleasant it was to waste time! And Bond Street offered 42 so many opportunities for wasting it agreeably. He trotted round the Spring Exhibition at the Grosvenor and came out, a little regretting, he had to confess, his eighteen pence for admission. After that, he pretended that he wanted to buy a grand piano. When he had finished practising his favourite passages on the magnificent instrument to which they obsequiously introduced him, he looked in for a few moments at Sothebys, sniffed among the ancient books and strolled on again, admiring the cigars, the lucid scent-bottles, the socks, the old masters, the emerald necklaces, everything, in fact, in all the shops he passed. Forthcoming Exhibition of Works by Casimir Lypiatt. The announcement caught his eye. And so poor old Lypiatt was on the warpath again, he reflected, as he pushed open the doors of the Albemarle Galleries. Poor old Lypiatt! Dear old Lypiatt, even. He liked Lypiatt. Though he had his defects. It would be fun to see him again. Gumbril found himself in the midst of a dismal collection of etchings. He passed them in review, wondering why it was that, in these hard days when no painter can sell a picture, almost any dull fool who can scratch a conventional etchers view of two boats, a suggested cloud and the flat sea should be able to get rid of his prints by the dozen and at guineas apiece. He was interrupted in his speculations by the approach of the assistant in charge of the gallery. He came up shyly and uncomfortably, but with the conscientious determination of one ambitious to do his duty and make good. He was a very young man with pale hair, to which heavy oiling had given a curious greyish colour, and a face of such childish contour and so imberb that he looked like a little boy playing at grown-ups. He had 43 only been at this job a few weeks and he found it very difficult. This, he remarked, with a little introductory cough, pointing to one view of the two boats and the flat sea, is an earlier state than this. And he pointed to another view, where the boats were still two and the sea seemed just as flatthough possibly, on a closer inspection, it might really have been flatter. Indeed, said Gumbril. The assistant was rather pained by his coldness. He blushed; but constrained himself to go on. Some excellent judges, he said, prefer the earlier state, though it is less highly finished. Ah? Beautiful atmosphere, isnt it? The assistant put his head on one side and pursed his childish lips appreciatively. Gumbril nodded. With desperation, the assistant indicated the shadowed rump of one of the boats. A wonderful feeling in this passage, he said, redder than ever. Very intense, said Gumbril. The assistant smiled at him gratefully. Thats the word, he said, delighted. Intense. Thats it. Very intense. He repeated the word several times as though to make sure of remembering it when the occasion next presented itself. He was determined to make good. I see Mr. Lypiatt is to have a show here soon, remarked Gumbril, who had had enough of the boats. He is making the final arrangements with Mr. Albemarle at this very moment, said the assistant triumphantly, with the air of one who produces, at the dramatic and critical moment, a rabbit out of the empty hat. 44 You dont say so? Gumbril was duly impressed. Then Ill wait till he comes out, he said, and sat down with his back to the boats. The assistant returned to his desk and picked up the gold-belted fountain pen which his Aunt had given him when he first went into business, last Christmas. Very intense, he wrote in capitals on a half-sheet of notepaper. The feeling in this passage is very intense. He studied the paper for a few moments, then folded it up carefully and put it away in his waistcoat pocket. Always make a note of it. That was one of the business mottoes he had himself written out so laboriously in Indian ink and old English lettering. It hung over his bed between The Lord is my Shepherd, which his mother had given him, and a quotation from Dr. Frank Crane, A smiling face sells more goods than a clever tongue. Still, a clever tongue, the young assistant had often reflected, was a very useful thing, especially in this job. He wondered whether one could say that the composition of a picture was very intense. Mr. Albemarle was very keen on the composition, he noticed. But perhaps it was better to stick to plain fine, which was a little commonplace, perhaps, but very safe. He would ask Mr. Albemarle about it. And then there was all that stuff about plastic values and pure plasticity. He sighed. It was all very difficult. A chap might be as willing and eager to make good as he liked; but when it came to this about atmosphere and intense passages and plasticitywell, really, what could a chap do? Make a note of it. It was the only thing. In Mr. Albemarles private room Casimir Lypiatt thumped the table. Size, Mr. Albemarle, he was saying, size and vehemence and spiritual significancethats 45 what the old fellows had, and we havent.... He gesticulated as he talked, his face worked and his green eyes, set in their dark, charred orbits, were full of a troubled light. The forehead was precipitous, the nose long and sharp; in the bony and almost fleshless face, the lips of the wide mouth were surprisingly full. Precisely, precisely, said Mr. Albemarle in his juicy voice. He was a round, smooth, little man with a head like an egg; he spoke, he moved with a certain pomp, a butlerish gravity, that were evidently meant to be ducal. Thats what Ive set myself to recapture, Lypiatt went on the size, the masterfulness of the masters. He felt a warmth running through him as he spoke, flushing his cheeks, pulsing hotly behind the eyes, as though he had drunk a draught of some heartening red wine. His own words elated him, and drunkenly gesticulating, he was as though drunken. The greatness of the mastershe felt it in him. He knew his own power, he knew, he knew. He could do all that they had done. Nothing was beyond his strength. Egg-headed Albemarle confronted him, impeccably the butler, exacerbatingly serene. Albemarle too should be fired. He struck the table once more, he broke out again Its been my mission, he shouted, all these years. All these years.... Time had worn the hair from his temples; the high, steep forehead seemed higher than it really was. He was forty now; the turbulent young Lypiatt who had once declared that no man could do anything worth doing after he was thirty, was forty now. But in these fiery moments he could forget the years, he could forget the disappointments, the unsold pictures, the bad reviews. 46 My mission, he repeated; and by God! I feel, I know I can carry it through. Warmly the blood pulsed behind his eyes. Quite, said Mr. Albemarle, nodding the egg. Quite. And how small the scale is nowadays! Lypiatt went on, rhapsodically. How trivial the conception, how limited the scope! You see no painter-sculptor-poets, like Michelangelo; no scientist-artists, like Leonardo; no mathematician-courtiers, like Boscovitch; no impresario-musicians, like Handel; no geniuses of all trades, like Wren. I have set myself against this abject specialization of ours. I stand alone, opposing it with my example. Lypiatt raised his hand. Like the statue of Liberty, standing colossal and alone. Nevertheless, began Mr. Albemarle. Painter, poet, musician, cried Lypiatt. I am all three. I.... ... there is a danger ofhow shall I put itdissipating ones energies, Mr. Albemarle went on with determination. Discreetly, he looked at his watch. This conversation, he thought, seemed to be prolonging itself unnecessarily. There is a greater danger in letting them stagnate and atrophy, Lypiatt retorted. Let me give you my experience. Vehemently, he gave it. Out in the gallery, among the boats, the views of the Grand Canal, and the Firth of Forth, Gumbril placidly ruminated. Poor old Lypiatt, he was thinking. Dear old Lypiatt, even, in spite of his fantastic egotism. Such a bad painter, such a bombinating poet, such a loud emotional improviser on the piano! And going on like this, year after year, pegging away at the same old thingsalways 47 badly! And always without a penny, always living in the most hideous squalor! Magnificent and pathetic old Lypiatt! A door suddenly opened and a loud, unsteady voice, now deep and harsh, now breaking to shrillness, exploded into the gallery. ... like a Veronese, it was saying; enormous, vehement, a great swirling composition swirling compositionmentally, the young assistant made a note of that, but much more serious, of course, much more spiritually significant, much more Lypiatt! Gumbril had risen from his chair, had turned, had advanced, holding out his hand. Why, its Gumbril. Good Lord! and Lypiatt seized the proffered hand with an excruciating cordiality. He seemed to be in exuberantly good spirits. Were settling about my show, Mr. Albemarle and I, he explained. You know Gumbril, Mr. Albemarle? Pleased to meet you, said Mr. Albemarle. Our friend, Mr. Lypiatt, he added richly, has the true artistic temp Its going to be magnificent. Lypiatt could not wait till Mr. Albemarle had finished speaking. He gave Gumbril a heroic blow on the shoulder. ... artistic temperament, as I was saying, pursued Mr. Albemarle. He is altogether too impatient and enthusiastic for us poor people ... a ducal smile of condescension accompanied this graceful act of self-abasement ... who move in the prosaic, practical, workaday world. Lypiatt laughed, a loud, discordant peal. He didnt seem to mind being accused of having an artistic temperament; 48 he seemed, indeed, to enjoy it, if anything. Fire and water, he said aphoristically, brought together, beget steam. Mr. Albemarle and I go driving along like a steam engine. Psh, psh! He worked his arms like a pair of alternate pistons. He laughed; but Mr. Albemarle only coldly and courteously smiled. I was just telling Mr. Albemarle about the great Crucifixion Ive just been doing. Its as big and headlong as a Veronese, but much more serious, more.... Behind them the little assistant was expounding to a new visitor the beauties of the etchings. Very intense, he was saying, the feeling in this passage. The shadow, indeed, clung with an insistent affection round the stern of the boat. And what a fine, what a he hesitated for an instant, and under his pale, oiled hair his face became suddenly very redwhat a swirling composition. He looked anxiously at the visitor. The remark had been received without comment. He felt immensely relieved. They left the galleries together. Lypiatt set the pace, striding along at a great rate and with a magnificent brutality through the elegant and leisured crowd, gesticulating and loudly talking as he went. He carried his hat in his hand; his tie was brilliantly orange. People turned to look at him as he passed and he liked it. He had, indeed, a remarkable facea face that ought by rights to have belonged to a man of genius. Lypiatt was aware of it. The man of genius, he liked to say, bears upon his brow a kind of mark of Cain, by which men recognize him at onceand having recognized, generally stone him, he would add with that peculiar laugh he always uttered whenever he said anything rather bitter or cynical; a laugh that was meant to show that the bitterness, the cynicism, justifiable as events might 49 have made them, were really only a mask, and that beneath it the artist was still serenely and tragically smiling. Lypiatt thought a great deal about the ideal artist. That titanic abstraction stalked within his own skin. He was ita little too consciously, perhaps. This time, he kept repeating, theyll be bowled over. This time.... Its going to be terrific. And with the blood beating behind his eyes, with the exultant consciousness and certainty of power growing and growing in him with every word he spoke, Lypiatt began to describe the pictures there would be at his show; he talked about the preface he was writing to the catalogue, the poems that would be printed in it by way of literary complement to the pictures. He talked, he talked. Gumbril listened, not very attentively. He was wondering how any one could talk so loud, could boast so extravagantly. It was as though the man had to shout in order to convince himself of his own existence. Poor Lypiatt; after all these years, Gumbril supposed, he must have some doubts about it. Ah, but this time, this time he was going to bowl them all over. Youre pleased, then, with what youve done recently, he said at the end of one of Lypiatts long tirades. Pleased? exclaimed Lypiatt; I should think I was. Gumbril might have reminded him that he had been as well pleased in the past and that they had by no means been bowled over. He preferred, however, to say nothing. Lypiatt went on about the size and universality of the old masters. He himself, it was tacitly understood, was one of them. They parted near the bottom of the Tottenham Court Road, Lypiatt to go northward to his studio off Maple 50 Street, Gumbril to pay one of his secret visits to those rooms of his in Great Russell Street. He had taken them nearly a year ago now, two little rooms over a grocers shop, promising himself goodness only knew what adventures in them. But somehow there had been no adventures. Still, it had pleased him, all the same, to be able to go there from time to time when he was in London and to think, as he sat in solitude before his gas fire, that there was literally not a soul in the universe who knew where he was. He had an almost childish affection for mysteries and secrets. Good-bye, said Gumbril, raising his hand to the salute. And Ill beat up some people for dinner on Friday. For they had agreed to meet again. He turned away, thinking that he had spoken the last words; but he was mistaken. Oh, by the way, said Lypiatt, who had also turned to go, but who now came stepping quickly after his companion. Can you, by any chance, lend me five pounds. Only till after the exhibition, you know. Im a bit short. Poor old Lypiatt! But it was with reluctance that Gumbril parted from his Treasury notes. 51 CHAPTER IV Lypiatt had a habit, which some of his friends found rather tryingand not only friends, for Lypiatt was ready to let the merest acquaintances, the most absolute strangers, even, into the secrets of his inspirationa habit of reciting at every possible opportunity his own verses. He would declaim in a voice loud and tremulous, with an emotion that never seemed to vary with the varying subject-matter of his poems, for whole quarters of an hour at a stretch; would go on declaiming till his auditors were overwhelmed with such a confusion of embarrassment and shame, that the blood rushed to their cheeks and they dared not meet one anothers eyes. He was declaiming now; not merely across the dinner table to his own friends, but to the whole restaurant. For at the first reverberating lines of his latest, The Conquistador, there had been a startled turning of heads, a craning of necks from every corner of the room. The people who came to this Soho restaurant because it was, notoriously, so artistic, looked at one another significantly and nodded; they were getting their moneys worth, this time. And Lypiatt, with a fine air of rapt unconsciousness, went on with his recitation. Look down on Mexico, Conquistadorthat was the refrain. The Conquistador, Lypiatt had made it clear, was the Artist, and the Vale of Mexico on which he looked down, 52 the towered cities of Tlacopan and Chalco, of Tenochtitlan and Iztapalapan symbolizedwell, it was difficult to say precisely what. The universe, perhaps? Look down, cried Lypiatt, with a quivering voice. Look down, Conquistador! There on the valleys broad green floor, There lies the lake; the jewelled cities gleam; Chalco and Tlacopan Awaiting the coming Man. Look down on Mexico, Conquistador, Land of your golden dream. Not dream, said Gumbril, putting down the glass from which he had been profoundly drinking. You cant possibly say dream, you know. Why do you interrupt me? Lypiatt turned on him angrily. His wide mouth twitched at the corners, his whole long face worked with excitement. Why dont you let me finish? He allowed his hand, which had hung awkwardly in the air above him, suspended, as it were, at the top of a gesture, to sink slowly to the table. Imbecile! he said, and once more picked up his knife and fork. But really, Gumbril insisted, you cant say dream. Can you now, seriously? He had drunk the best part of a bottle of Burgundy and he felt good-humoured, obstinate and a little bellicose. And why not? Lypiatt asked. Oh, because one simply cant. Gumbril leaned back in his chair, smiled and caressed his drooping blond moustache. Not in this year of grace, nineteen twenty-two. 53 But why? Lypiatt repeated, with exasperation. Because its altogether too late in the day, declared precious Mr. Mercaptan, rushing up to his emphasis with flutes and roaring, like a true Conquistador, to fall back, however, at the end of the sentence rather ignominiously into a breathless confusion. He was a sleek, comfortable young man with smooth brown hair parted in the centre and conducted in a pair of flowing curves across the temples, to be looped in damp curls behind his ears. His face ought to have been rather more exquisite, rather more refinedly dix-huitième than it actually was. It had a rather gross, snouty look, which was sadly out of harmony with Mr. Mercaptans inimitably graceful style. For Mr. Mercaptan had a style and used it, delightfully, in his middle articles for the literary weeklies. His most precious work, however, was that little volume of essays, prose poems, vignettes and paradoxes, in which he had so brilliantly illustrated his favourite themethe pettiness, the simian limitations, the insignificance and the absurd pretentiousness of Homo soi-disant Sapiens . Those who met Mr. Mercaptan personally often came away with the feeling that perhaps, after all, he was right in judging so severely of humanity.  Too late in the day, he repeated. Times have changed. Sunt lacrymæ rerum, nos et mutamur in illis.  He laughed his own applause.  Quot homines, tot disputandum est , said Gumbril, taking another sip of his Beaune Supérieure. At the moment, he was all for Mercaptan. But why is it too late? Lypiatt insisted. Mr. Mercaptan made a delicate gesture.  Ça se sent, mon cher ami , he said,  ça ne sexplique pas.  Satan, it is said, carries hell in his heart; so it was with Mr. 54 Mercaptanwherever he was, it was Paris. Dreams in nineteen twenty-two.... He shrugged his shoulders. After youve accepted the war, swallowed the Russian famine, said Gumbril. Dreams! They belonged to the Rostand epoch, said Mr. Mercaptan, with a little titter.  Le Rève ah! Lypiatt dropped his knife and fork with a clatter and leaned forward, eager for battle. Now I have you, he said, now I have you on the hip. Youve given yourselves away. Youve given away the secret of your spiritual poverty, your weakness and pettiness and impotence.... Impotence? You malign me, sir, said Gumbril. Shearwater ponderously stirred. He had been silent all this time, sitting with hunched shoulders, his elbows on the table, his big round head bent forward, absorbed, apparently, in the slow meticulous crumbling of a piece of bread. Sometimes he put a piece of crust in his mouth and under the bushy brown moustache his jaw moved slowly, ruminatively, with a sideways motion, like a cows. He nudged Gumbril with his elbow. Ass, he said, be quiet. Lypiatt went on torrentially. Youre afraid of ideals, thats what it is. You darent admit to having dreams. Oh, I call them dreams, he added parenthetically. I dont mind being thought a fool and old-fashioned. The words shorter and more English. Besides, it rhymes with gleams. Ha, ha! And Lypiatt laughed his loud Titans laugh, the laugh of cynicism which seems to belie, but which, for those who have understanding, reveals the high, positive spirit within. Idealstheyre not sufficiently genteel for you civilized young men. Youve quite outgrown that sort of thing. No dream, no religion, no morality. 55 I glory in the name of earwig, said Gumbril. He was pleased with that little invention. It was felicitous; it was well chosen. Ones an earwig in sheer self-protection, he explained. But Mr. Mercaptan refused to accept the name of earwig at any price.  What there is to be ashamed of in being civilized, I really dont know, he said, in a voice that was now the bulls, now the piping robins. No, if I glory in anything, its in my little rococo boudoir, and the conversations across the polished mahogany, and the delicate, lascivious, witty little flirtations on ample sofas inhabited by the soul of Crebillon Fils. We neednt all be Russians, I hope. These revolting Dostoievskys. Mr. Mercaptan spoke with a profound feeling. Nor all Utopians. Homo au naturel  Mr. Mercaptan applied his thumb and forefinger to his, alas! too snout-like nose,  ça pue . And as for Homo à la H. G. Wells ça ne pue pas assez . What I glory in is the civilized, middle way between stink and asepsis. Give me a little musk, a little intoxicating feminine exhalation, the bouquet of old wine and strawberries, a lavender bag under every pillow and pot-pourri in the corners of the drawing-room. Readable books, amusing conversation, civilized women, graceful art and dry vintage, music, with a quiet life and reasonable comfortthats all I ask for. Talking about comfort, Gumbril put in, before Lypiatt had time to fling his answering thunders, I must tell you about my new invention. Pneumatic trousers, he explained. Blow them up. Perfect comfort. You see the idea? Youre a sedentary man, Mercaptan. Let me put you down for a couple of pairs. Mr. Mercaptan shook his head. Too Wellsian, he 56 said. Too horribly Utopian. Theyd be ludicrously out of place in my boudoir. And besides, my sofa is well enough sprung already, thank you. But what about Tolstoy? shouted Lypiatt, letting out his impatience in a violent blast. Mr. Mercaptan waved his hand. Russian, he said, Russian. And Michelangelo? Alberti, said Gumbril, very seriously, giving them all a piece of his fathers mindAlberti was much the better architect, I assure you. And pretentiousness for pretentiousness, said Mr. Mercaptan, I prefer old Borromini and the baroque. What about Beethoven? went on Lypiatt. What about Blake? Where do they come in under your scheme of things? Mr. Mercaptan shrugged his shoulders. They stay in the hall, he said. I dont let them into the boudoir. You disgust me, said Lypiatt, with rising indignation, and making wider gestures. You disgust meyou and your odious little sham eighteenth-century civilization; your piddling little poetry; your art for arts sake instead of for Gods sake; your nauseating little copulations without love or passion; your hoggish materialism; your bestial indifference to all thats unhappy and your yelping hatred of all thats great. Charming, charming, murmured Mr. Mercaptan, who was pouring oil on his salad. How can you ever hope to achieve anything decent or solid, when you dont even believe in decency or solidity? I look about me, and Lypiatt cast his eyes wildly round the crowded room, and I find myself alone, spiritually 57 alone. I strive on by myself, by myself. He struck his breast, a giant, a solitary giant. I have set myself to restore painting and poetry to their rightful position among the great moral forces. They have been amusements, they have been mere games for too long. I am giving my life for that. My life. His voice trembled a little. People mock me, hate me, stone me, deride me. But I go on, I go on. For I know Im right. And in the end they too will recognize that Ive been right. It was a loud soliloquy. One could fancy that Lypiatt had been engaged in recognizing himself. All the same, said Gumbril with a cheerful stubbornness, I persist that the word dreams is inadmissible.  Inadmissible , repeated Mr. Mercaptan, imparting to the word an additional significance by giving it its French pronunciation. In the age of Rostand, well and good. But now.... Now, said Gumbril, the word merely connotes Freud. Its a matter of literary tact, explained Mr. Mercaptan. Have you no literary tact? No, said Lypiatt, with emphasis, thank God, I havent. I have no tact of any kind. I do things straightforwardly, frankly, as the spirit moves me. I dont like compromises. He struck the table. The gesture startlingly let loose a peal of cracked and diabolic laughter. Gumbril and Lypiatt and Mr. Mercaptan looked quickly up; even Shearwater lifted his great spherical head and turned towards the sound the large disk of his face. A young man with a blond, fan-shaped beard stood by the table, looking down at them through a pair of bright blue eyes and smiling 58 equivocally and disquietingly as though his mind were full of some nameless and fantastic malice.  Come sta la Sua Terribiltà?  he asked; and, taking off his preposterous bowler hat, he bowed profoundly to Lypiatt. How I recognize my Buonarotti! he added affectionately. Lypiatt laughed, rather uncomfortably, and no longer on the Titanic scale. How I recognize my Coleman! he echoed, rather feebly. On the contrary, Gumbril corrected, how almost completely I fail to recognize. This beardhe pointed to the blond fanwhy, may I ask? More Russianism, said Mr. Mercaptan, and shook his head. Ah, why indeed? Coleman lowered his voice to a confidential whisper. For religious reasons, he said, and made the sign of the cross. Christlike in my behaviour, Like every good believer, I imitate the Saviour, And cultivate a beaver. There be beavers which have made themselves beavers for the kingdom of heavens sake. But there are some beavers, on the other hand, which were so born from their mothers womb. He burst into a fit of outrageous laughter which stopped as suddenly and as voluntarily as it had begun. Lypiatt shook his head. Hideous, he said, hideous. Moreover, Coleman went on, without paying any attention, I have other and, alas! less holy reasons for this change of face. It enables one to make such delightful 59 acquaintances in the street. You hear some one saying, Beaver, as you pass, and you immediately have the right to rush up and get into conversation. I owe to this dear symbol, and he caressed the golden beard tenderly with the palm of his hand, the most admirably dangerous relations. Magnificent, said Gumbril, drinking his own health. I shall stop shaving at once. Shearwater looked round the table with raised eyebrows and a wrinkled forehead. This conversation is rather beyond me, he said gravely. Under the formidable moustache, under the thick, tufted eyebrows, the mouth was small and ingenuous, the mild grey eyes full of an almost childish inquiry. What does the word beaver signify in this context? You dont refer, I suppose, to the rodent, Castor fiber ? But this is a very great man, said Coleman, raising his bowler. Tell me who he is? Our friend Shearwater, said Gumbril, the physiologist. Coleman bowed. Physiological Shearwater, he said. Accept my homage. To one who doesnt know what a beaver is, I resign all my claims to superiority. Theres nothing else but beavers in all the papers. Tell me, do you never read the Daily Express ? No. Nor the Daily Mail ? Shearwater shook his head. Nor the Mirror ? nor the Sketch ? nor the Graphic ? nor even for I was forgetting that physiologists must surely have Liberal opinionseven the Daily News ? Shearwater continued to shake his large spherical head. 60 Nor any of the evening papers? No. Coleman once more lifted his hat. O eloquent, just and mighty Death! he exclaimed, and replaced it on his head. You never read any papers at allnot even our friend Mercaptans delicious little middles in the weeklies? How is your delicious little middle, by the way? Coleman turned to Mr. Mercaptan and with the point of his huge stick gave him a little prod in the stomach.  Ça marcheles tripes ? Hein? He turned back to Shearwater. Not even those? he asked. Never, said Shearwater. I have more serious things to think about than newspapers. And what serious thing, may I ask? Well, at the present moment, said Shearwater, I am chiefly preoccupied with the kidneys. The kidneys! In an ecstasy of delight, Coleman thumped the floor with the ferrule of his stick. The kidneys! Tell me all about kidneys. This is of the first importance. This is really life. And I shall sit down at your table without asking permission of Buonarotti here, and in the teeth of Mercaptan, and without so much as thinking about this species of Gumbril, who might as well not be there at all. I shall sit down and Talking of sitting, said Gumbril, I wish I could persuade you to order a pair of my patent pneumatic trousers. They will Coleman waved him away. Not now, not now, he said. I shall sit down and listen to the physiologue talking about runions, while I myself actually eat them sautés . Sautés , mark my words. Laying his hat and stick on the floor beside him, he sat 61 down at the end of the table, between Lypiatt and Shearwater. Two believers, he said, laying his hand for a moment on Lypiatts arm, and three black-hearted unbelieversconfronted. Eh, Buonarotti? You and I are both croyants et pratiquants , as Mercaptan would say. I believe in one devil, father quasi-almighty, Samael and his wife, the Woman of Whoredom. Ha, ha! He laughed his ferocious, artificial laugh. Heres an end to any civilized conversation, Mr. Mercaptan complained, hissing on the c , labiating lingeringly on the v of civilized and giving the first two i s their fullest value. The word, in his mouth, seemed to take on a special and a richer significance. Coleman ignored him. Tell me, you physiologue, he went on, tell me about the physiology of the Archetypal Man. This is most important; Buonarotti shares my opinion about this, I know. Has the Archetypal Man a boyau rectum , as Mercaptan would say again, or not? Everything depends on this, as Voltaire realized ages ago. His feet, as we know already on inspired authority, were straight feet; and the sole of his feet were like the sole of a calfs foot. But the viscera, you must tell us something about the viscera. Mustnt he, Buonarotti? And where are my rognons sautés ? he shouted at the waiter. You revolt me, said Lypiatt. Not mortually, I ope? Coleman turned with solicitude to his neighbour; then shook his head. Mortually I fear. Kiss me Ardy, and I die happy. He blew a kiss into the air. But why is the physiologue so slow? Up, pachyderm, up! Answer. You hold the key to everything. The key, I tell you, the key. I remember, when 62 I used to hang about the biological laboratories at school, eviscerating frogscrucified with pins, they were, belly upwards, like little green ChristsI remember once, when I was sitting there, quietly poring over the entrails, in came the laboratory boy and said to the stinks usher Please, sir, may I have the key of the Absolute? And, would you believe it, that usher calmly put his hand in his trouser pocket and fished out a small Yale key and gave it him without a word. What a gesture! The key of the Absolute. But it was only the absolute alcohol the urchin wantedto pickle some loathsome fœtus in, I suppose. God rot his soul in peace! And now, Castor Fiber, out with your key. Tell us about the Archetypal Man, tell us about the primordial Adam. Tell us all about the boyau rectum . Ponderously, Shearwater moved his clumsy frame; leaning back in his chair he scrutinized Coleman with a large, benevolent curiosity. The eyes under the savage eyebrows were mild and gentle; behind the fearful disguise of the moustache he smiled poutingly, like a baby who sees the approaching bottle. The broad, domed forehead was serene. He ran his hand through his thick brown hair, scratched his head meditatively and then, when he had thoroughly examined, had comprehended and duly classified the strange phenomenon of Coleman, opened his mouth and uttered a little good-natured laugh of amusement. Voltaires question, he said at last, in his slow, deep voice, seemed at the time he asked it an unanswerable piece of irony. It would have seemed almost equally ironic to his contemporaries, if he had asked whether God had a pair of kidneys. We know a little more about the kidneys nowadays. If he had asked me, I should answer why not? The kidneys are so beautifully organized; 63 they do their work of regulation with such a miraculousits hard to find another wordsuch a positively divine precision, such knowledge and wisdom, that theres no reason why your archetypal man, whoever he is, or any one else, for that matter, should be ashamed of owning a pair. Coleman clapped his hands. The key, he cried, the key. Out of the trouser pocket of babes and sucklings it comes. The genuine, the unique Yale. How right I was to come here to-night! But, holy Sephiroth, theres my trollop. He picked up his stick, jumped from his chair and threaded his way between the tables. A woman was standing near the door. Coleman came up to her, pointed without speaking to the table, and returned, driving her along in front of him, tapping her gently over the haunches with his stick, as one might drive a docile animal to the slaughter. Allow me to introduce, said Coleman. The sharer of my joys and sorrows. La compagne de mes nuits blanches et de mes jours plutôt sales. In a word, Zoe. Qui ne comprend pas le français, qui me déteste avec une passion égale à la mienne, et qui mangera, ma foi, des rognons pour faire honneur au physiologue.  Have some Burgundy? Gumbril proffered the bottle. Zoe nodded and pushed forward her glass. She was dark-haired, had a pale skin and eyes like round blackberries. Her mouth was small and floridly curved. She was dressed, rather depressingly, like a picture by Augustus John, in blue and orange. Her expression was sullen and ferocious, and she looked about her with an air of profound contempt. Shearwaters no better than a mystic, fluted Mr. 64 Mercaptan. A mystical scientist; really, one hadnt reckoned on that. Like a Liberal Pope, said Gumbril. Poor Metternich, you remember? Pio Nono.  And he burst into a fit of esoteric laughter. Of less than average intelligence, he murmured delightedly, and refilled his glass. Its only the deliberately blind who wouldnt reckon on the combination, Lypiatt put in, indignantly. What are science and art, what are religion and philosophy but so many expressions in human terms of some reality more than human? Newton and Boehme and Michelangelowhat are they doing but expressing, in different ways, different aspects of the same thing? Alberti, I beg you, said Gumbril. I assure you he was the better architect.  Fi donc!  said Mr. Mercaptan. San Carlo alle Quatro Fontane But he got no further. Lypiatt abolished him with a gesture. One reality, he cried, there is only one reality. One reality, Coleman reached out a hand across the table and caressed Zoes bare white arm, and that is callipygous. Zoe jabbed at his hand with her fork. We are all trying to talk about it, continued Lypiatt. The physicists have formulated their laws, which are after all no more than stammering provisional theories about a part of it. The physiologists are penetrating into the secrets of life, psychologists into the mind. And we artists are trying to say what is revealed to us about the moral nature, the personality of that reality, which is the universe. Mr. Mercaptan threw up his hands in affected horror. Oh, barbaridad, barbaridad ! Nothing less than the pure 65 Castilian would relieve his feelings. But all this is meaningless. Quite right about the chemists and physicists, said Shearwater. Theyre always trying to pretend that theyre nearer the truth than we are. They take their crude theories as facts and try to make us accept them when were dealing with life. Oh, they are sacred, their theories. Laws of Nature they call them; and they talk about their known truths and our romantic biological fancies. What a fuss they make when we talk about life! Bloody fools! said Shearwater, mild and crushing. Nobody but a fool could talk of mechanism in face of the kidneys. And there are actually imbeciles who talk about the mechanism of heredity and reproduction. All the same, began Mr. Mercaptan very earnestly, anxious to deny his own life, there are eminent authorities. I can only quote what they say, of course. I cant pretend to know anything about it myself. But Reproduction, reproduction, Coleman murmured the word to himself ecstatically. Delightful and horrifying to think they all come to that, even the most virginal; that they were all made for that, little she-dogs, in spite of their china blue eyes. What sort of a mandrake shall we produce, Zoe and I? he asked, turning to Shearwater. How I should like to have a child, he went on without waiting for an answer. I shouldnt teach it anything; no language, nothing at all. Just a child of nature. I believe it would really be the devil. And then what fun it would be if it suddenly started to say Bekkos, like the children in Herodotus. And Buonarotti here would paint an allegorical picture of it and write an epic called The Ignoble Savage. And Castor Fiber would come and sound its 66 kidneys and investigate its sexual instincts. And Mercaptan would write one of his inimitable middle articles about it. And Gumbril would make it a pair of patent trousers. And Zoe and I would look parentally on and fairly swell with pride. Shouldnt we, Zoe? Zoe preserved her expression of sullen, unchanging contempt and did not deign to answer. Ah, how delightful it would be! I long for posterity. I live in hopes. I stope against Stopes. I Zoe threw a piece of bread, which caught him on the cheek, a little below the eye. Coleman leaned back and laughed and laughed till the tears rolled down his face. 67 CHAPTER V One after another, they engaged themselves in the revolving doors of the restaurant, trotted round in the moving cage of glass and ejected themselves into the coolness and darkness of the street. Shearwater lifted up his large face and took two or three deep breaths. Too much carbon dioxide and ammonia in there, he said. It is unfortunate that when two or three are gathered together in Gods name, or even in the more civilized name of Mercaptan of the delicious middle, Mercaptan dexterously parried the prod which Coleman aimed at him, it is altogether deplorable that they should necessarily empest the air. Lypiatt had turned his eyes heavenwards. What stars, he said, and what prodigious gaps between the stars! A real light opera summer night. And Mercaptan began to sing, in fragmentary German, the Barcarolle from the Tales of Hoffmann . Liebe Nacht, du schöne Nacht, oh stille mein tumpty-tum. Te, tum, Te tum.... Delicious Offenbach. Ah, if only we could have a third Empire! Another comic Napoleon! That would make Paris look like Paris again. Tiddy, tumpty-ti-tum. They walked along without any particular destination, but simply for the sake of walking through this soft cool night. Coleman led the way, tapping the pavement at 68 every step with the ferrule of his stick. The blind leading the blind, he explained. Ah, if only there were a ditch, a crevasse, a great hole full of stinging centipedes and dung. How gleefully I should lead you all into it! I think you would do well, said Shearwater gravely, to go and see a doctor. Coleman gave vent to a howl of delight. Does it occur to you, he went on, that at this moment we are walking through the midst of seven million distinct and separate individuals, each with distinct and separate lives and all completely indifferent to our existence? Seven million people, each one of whom thinks himself quite as important as each of us does. Millions of them are now sleeping in an empested atmosphere. Hundreds of thousands of couples are at this moment engaged in mutually caressing one another in a manner too hideous to be thought of, but in no way differing from the manner in which each of us performs, delightfully, passionately and beautifully, his similar work of love. Thousands of women are now in the throes of parturition, and of both sexes thousands are dying of the most diverse and appalling diseases, or simply because they have lived too long. Thousands are drunk, thousands have over-eaten, thousands have not had enough to eat. And they are all alive, all unique and separate and sensitive, like you and me. Its a horrible thought. Ah, if I could lead them all into that great hole of centipedes. He tapped and tapped on the pavement in front of him, as though searching for the crevasse. At the top of his voice he began to chant O all ye Beasts and Cattle, curse ye the Lord curse him and vilify him for ever. All this religion, sighed Mercaptan. What with 69 Lypiatt on one side, being a muscular Christian artist, and Coleman on the other, howling the black mass.... Really! He elaborated an Italianate gesture, and turned to Zoe. What do you think of it all? he asked. Zoe jerked her head in Colemans direction. I think es a bloody swine, she said. They were the first words she had spoken since she had joined the party. Hear, hear! cried Coleman, and he waved his stick. In the warm yellow light of the coffee-stall at Hyde Park Corner loitered a little group of people. Among the peaked caps and the chauffeurs dust-coats, among the weather-stained workmens jackets and the knotted handkerchiefs, there emerged an alien elegance. A tall tubed hat and a silk-faced overcoat, a cloak of flame-coloured satin, and in bright, coppery hair a great Spanish comb of carved tortoiseshell. Well, Im damned, said Gumbril as they approached. I believe its Myra Viveash. So it is, said Lypiatt, peering in his turn. He began suddenly to walk with an affected swagger, kicking his heels at every step. Looking at himself from outside, his divining eyes pierced through the veil of cynical je-men-fichisme to the bruised heart beneath. Besides, he didnt want any one to guess. The Viveash is it? Coleman quickened his rapping along the pavement. And who is the present incumbent? He pointed at the top hat. Can it be Bruin Opps? said Gumbril dubiously. Opps! Coleman yelled out the name. Opps! The top hat turned, revealing a shirt front, a long grey face, a glitter of circular glass over the left eye. Who 70 the devil are you? The voice was harsh and arrogantly offensive. I am that I am, said Coleman. But I have with mehe pointed to Shearwater, to Gumbril, to Zoea physiologue, a pedagogue and a priapagogue; for I leave out of account mere artists and journalists whose titles do not end with the magic syllable. And finally, indicating himself, plain Dog, which being interpreted kabbalistically backwards, signifies God. All at your service. He took off his hat and bowed. The top hat turned back towards the Spanish comb. Who is this horrible drunk? it inquired. Mrs. Viveash did not answer him, but stepped forward to meet the newcomers. In one hand she held a peeled, hard-boiled egg and a thick slice of bread and butter in the other, and between her sentences she bit at them alternately. Coleman! she exclaimed, and her voice, as she spoke, seemed always on the point of expiring, as though each word were the last, utterly faintly and breakingly from a death-bedthe last, with all the profound and nameless significance of the ultimate word. Its a very long time since I heard you raving last. And you, Theodore darling, why do I never see you now? Gumbril shrugged his shoulders. Because you dont want to, I suppose, he said. Myra laughed and took another bite at her bread and butter.... She laid the back of her handfor she was still holding the butt end of her hard-boiled eggon Lypiatts arm. The Titan, who had been looking at the sky, seemed to be surprised to find her standing there. You? he said, smiling and wrinkling up his forehead interrogatively. 71 Its to-morrow Im sitting for you, Casimir, isnt it? Ah, you remembered. The veil parted for a moment. Poor Lypiatt! And happy Mercaptan? Always happy? Gallantly Mercaptan kissed the back of the hand which held the egg. I might be happier, he murmured, rolling up at her from the snouty face a pair of small brown eyes.  Puis-je espérer?  Mrs. Viveash laughed expiringly from her inward death-bed and turned on him, without speaking, her pale unwavering glance. Her eyes had a formidable capacity for looking and expressing nothing; they were like the pale blue eyes which peer out of the Siamese cats black velvet mask.  Bellissima , murmured Mercaptan, flowering under their cool light. Mrs. Viveash addressed herself to the company at large. We have had the most appalling evening, she said. Havent we, Bruin? Bruin Opps said nothing, but only scowled. He didnt like these damned intruders. The skin of his contracted brows oozed over the rim of his monocle, on to the shining glass. I thought it would be fun, Myra went on, to go to that place at Hampton Court, where you have dinner on an island and dance.... What is there about islands, put in Mercaptan, in a deliciously whimsical parenthesis, that makes them so peculiarly voluptuous? Cythera, Monkey Island, Capri. Je me demande.  Another charming middle. Coleman pointed his stick menacingly; Mr. Mercaptan stepped quickly out of range. 72 So we took a cab, Mrs. Viveash continued, and set out. And what a cab, my God! A cab with only one gear and that the lowest. A cab as old as the century, a museum specimen, a collectors piece. They had been hours and hours on the way. And when they got there, the food they were offered to eat, the wine they were expected to drink! From her eternal death-bed Mrs. Viveash cried out in unaffected horror. Everything tasted as though it has been kept soaking for a week in the river before being served uprather weedy, with that delicious typhoid flavour of Thames water. There was Thames even in the champagne. They had not been able to eat so much as a crust of bread. Hungry and thirsty, they had re-embarked in their antique taxi, and here, at last, they were, at the first outpost of civilization, eating for dear life. Oh, a terrible evening, Mrs. Viveash concluded. The only thing which kept up my spirits was the spectacle of Bruins bad temper. Youve no idea, Bruin, what an incomparable comic you can be. Bruin ignored the remark. With an expression of painfully repressed disgust he was eating a hard-boiled egg. Myras caprices were becoming more and more impossible. That Hampton Court business had been bad enough; but when it came to eating in the street, in the middle of a lot of filthy workmenwell, really, that was rather too much. Mrs. Viveash looked about her. Am I never to know who this mysterious person is? She pointed to Shearwater, who was standing a little apart from the group, his back leaning against the Park railings and staring thoughtfully at the ground. 73 The physiologue, Coleman explained, and he has the key. The key, the key! He hammered the pavement with his stick. Gumbril performed the introduction in more commonplace style. You dont seem to take much interest in us, Mr. Shearwater, Myra called expiringly. Shearwater looked up; Mrs. Viveash regarded him intently through pale, unwavering eyes, smiling as she looked that queer, downward-turning smile which gave to her face, through its mask of laughter, a peculiar expression of agony. You dont seem to take much interest in us, she repeated. Shearwater shook his heavy head. No, he said, I dont think I do. Why dont you? Why should I? Theres not time to be interested in everything. One can only be interested in whats worth while. And were not worth while? Not to me personally, replied Shearwater with candour. The Great Wall of China, the political situation in Italy, the habits of Trematodesall these are most interesting in themselves. But they arent interesting to me; I dont permit them to be. I havent the leisure. And what do you allow yourself to be interested in? Shall we go? said Bruin impatiently; he had succeeded in swallowing the last fragment of his hard-boiled egg. Mrs. Viveash did not answer, did not even look at him. Shearwater, who had hesitated before replying, was about to speak. But Coleman answered for him. Be respectful, he said to Mrs. Viveash. This is a great man. 74 He reads no papers, not even those in which our Mercaptan so beautifully writes. He does not know what a beaver is. And he lives for nothing but the kidneys. Mrs. Viveash smiled her smile of agony. Kidneys? But what a memento mori . There are other portions of the anatomy. She threw back her cloak revealing an arm, a bare shoulder, a slant of pectoral muscle. She was wearing a white dress that, leaving her back and shoulders bare, came up, under either arm, to a point in front and was held there by a golden thread about the neck. For example, she said, and twisted her hand several times over and over, making the slender arm turn at the elbow, as though to demonstrate the movement of the articulations and the muscular play.  Memento vivere , Mr. Mercaptan aptly commented.  Vivamus, mea Lesbia, atque amemus.  Mrs. Viveash dropped her arm and pulled the cloak back into place. She looked at Shearwater, who had followed all her movements with conscientious attention, and who now nodded with an expression of interrogation on his face, as though to ask what next? We all know that youve got beautiful arms, said Bruin angrily. Theres no need for you to make an exhibition of them in the street, at midnight. Lets get out of this. He laid his hand on her shoulder and made as if to draw her away. Wed better be going. Goodness knows whats happening behind us. He indicated with a little movement of the head the loiterers round the coffee-stall. Some disturbance among the canaille . Mrs. Viveash looked round. The cab-drivers and the other consumers of midnight coffee had gathered in an interested circle, curious and sympathetic, round the figure 75 of a woman who was sitting, like a limp bundle tied up in black cotton and mackintosh, on the stall-keepers high stool, leaning wearily against the wall of the booth. A man stood beside her drinking tea out of a thick white cup. Every one was talking at once. Maynt the poor wretches talk? asked Mrs. Viveash, turning back to Bruin. I never knew any one who had the lower classes on the brain as much as you have. I loathe them, said Bruin. I hate every one poor, or ill, or old. Cant abide them; they make me positively sick.  Quelle âme bien-née , piped Mr. Mercaptan. And how well and frankly you express what we all feel and lack the courage to say. Lypiatt gave vent to indignant laughter. I remember when I was a little boy, Bruin went on, my old grandfather used to tell me stories about his childhood. He told me that when he was about five or six, just before the passing of the Reform Bill of thirty-two, there was a song which all right-thinking people used to sing, with a chorus that went like this Rot the People, blast the People, damn the Lower Classes. I wish I knew the rest of the words and the tune. It must have been a good song. Coleman was enraptured with the song. He shouldered his walking-stick and began marching round and round the nearest lamp-post chanting the words to a stirring march tune. Rot the People, blast the People.... He marked the rhythm with heavy stamps of his feet. Ah, if only theyd invent servants with internal combustion engines, said Bruin, almost pathetically. However 76 well trained they are, they always betray their humanity occasionally. And that is really intolerable. How tedious is a guilty conscience! Gumbril murmured the quotation. But Mr. Shearwater, said Myra, bringing back the conversation to more congenial themes, hasnt told us yet what he thinks of arms. Nothing at all, said Shearwater. Im occupied with the regulation of the blood at the moment. But is it true what he says, Theodore? She appealed to Gumbril. I should think so. Gumbrils answer was rather dim and remote. He was straining to hear the talk of Bruins canaille , and Mrs. Viveashs question seemed a little irrelevant. I used to do cartin jobs, the man with the teacup was saying. Ad a van and a nold pony of me own. And didnt do so badly neither. The only trouble was me lifting furniture and eavy weights about the place. Because I ad malaria out in India, in the war.... Nor evenyou compel me to violate the laws of modestynor even, Mrs. Viveash went on, smiling painfully, speaking huskily, expiringly, of legs? A spring of blasphemy was touched in Colemans brain. Neither delighteth He in any mans legs, he shouted, and with an extravagant show of affection he embraced Zoe, who caught hold of his hand and bit it. It comes back on you when you get tired like, malaria does. The mans face was sallow and there was an air of peculiar listlessness and hopelessness about his misery. It comes back on you, and then you go down with fever and youre as weak as a child. 77 Shearwater shook his head. Nor even of the heart? Mrs. Viveash lifted her eyebrows. Ah, now the inevitable word has been pronounced, the real subject of every conversation has appeared on the scene. Love, Mr. Shearwater! But as I says, recapitulated the man with the teacup, we didnt do so badly after all. We ad nothing to complain about. Ad we, Florrie? The black bundle made an affirmative movement with its upper extremity. Thats one of the subjects, said Shearwater, like the Great Wall of China and the habits of Trematodes, I dont allow myself to be interested in. Mrs. Viveash laughed, breathed out a little Good God! of incredulity and astonishment, and asked, Why not? No time, he explained. You people of leisure have nothing else to do or think about. Im busy and so naturally less interested in the subject than you; and I take care, whats more, to limit such interest as I have. I was goin up Ludgate Ill one day with a vanload of stuff for a chap in Clerkenwell. I was leadin Jerry up the illJerrys the name of our ole pony.... One cant have everything, Shearwater was explaining, not all at the same time, in any case. Ive arranged my life for work now. Im quietly married, I simmer away domestically.  Quelle horreur!  said Mr. Mercaptan. All the Louis Quinze Abbé in him was shocked and revolted by the thought. But love? questioned Mrs. Viveash. Love? Love! Lypiatt echoed. He was looking up at the Milky Way. 78 All of a sudden out jumps a copper at me. Ow old is that orse? e says. It aint fit to drawr a load, it limps in all four feet, e says. No, it doesnt, I says. None of your answerin back, e says. Take it outer the shafts at once. But I know all about love already. I know precious little still about kidneys. But, my good Shearwater, how can you know all about love before youve made it with all women? Off we goes, me and the cop and the orse, up in front of the police court magistrate.... Or are you one of those imbeciles, Mrs. Viveash went on, who speak of women with a large W and pretend were all the same? Poor Theodore here might possibly think so in his feebler moments. Gumbril smiled vaguely from a distance. He was following the man with the teacup into the magistrates stuffy court. And Mercaptan certainly does, because all the women who ever sat on his dix-huitième sofa certainly were exactly like one another. And perhaps Casimir does too; all women look like his absurd ideal. But you, Shearwater, youre intelligent. Surely you dont believe anything so stupid? Shearwater shook his head. The cop, e gave evidence against me. Limping in all four feet, e says. It wasnt, I says, and the police court vet, e bore me out. The orse as been very well treated, e says. But es old, es very old. I know es old, I says. But where am I goin to find the price for a young one?  x 2  y 2 , Shearwater was saying,   x  y  x  y . And the equation holds good whatever the values of x and y .... Its the same with your love business, Mrs. Viveash. 79 The relation is still fundamentally the same, whatever the value of the unknown personal quantities concerned. Little individual tics and peculiaritiesafter all, what do they matter? What indeed! said Coleman. Tics, mere tics. Sheep ticks, horse ticks, bed bugs, tape worms, taint worms, guinea worms, liver flukes.... The orse must be destroyed, says the beak. Es too old for work. But Im not, I says. I cant get a old age pension at thirty-two, can I? Ow am I to earn my living if you take away what I earns my living by? Mrs. Viveash smiled agonizingly. Heres a man who thinks personal peculiarities are trivial and unimportant, she said. Youre not even interested in people, then? I dont know what you can do, e says. Im only ere to administer the law. Seems a queer sort of law, I says. What law is it? Shearwater scratched his head. Under his formidable black moustache he smiled at last his ingenuous, childish smile. No, he said. No, I suppose Im not. It hadnt occurred to me, until you said it. But I suppose Im not. No. He laughed, quite delighted, it seemed, by this discovery about himself. What law is it? e says. The Croolty to Animals law. Thats what it is, e says. The smile of mockery and suffering appeared and faded. One of these days, said Mrs. Viveash, you may find them more absorbing than you do now. Meanwhile, said Shearwater.... I couldnt find a job ere, and aving been workin on my own, my own master like, couldnt get unemployment pay. 80 So when we eard of jobs at Portsmouth, we thought wed try to get one, even if it did mean walkin there. Meanwhile, I have my kidneys. Opeless, e says to me, quite opeless. More than two hundred come for three vacancies. So there was nothing for it but to walk back again. Took us four days it did, this time. She was very bad on the way, very bad. Being nearly six months gone. Our first it is. Things will be arder still, when it comes. From the black bundle there issued a sound of quiet sobbing. Look here, said Gumbril, making a sudden irruption into the conversation. This is really too awful. He was consumed with indignation and pity; he felt like a prophet in Nineveh. There are two wretched people here, and Gumbril told them breathlessly, what he had overheard. It was terrible, terrible. All the way to Portsmouth and back again; on foot; without proper food; and the womans with child. Coleman exploded with delight. Gravid, he kept repeating, gravid, gravid. The laws of gravidy, first formulated by Newton, now recodified by the immortal Einstein. God said, Let Newstein be, and there was light. And God said, Let there be Light; and there was darkness oer the face of the earth. He roared with laughter. Between them they raised five pounds. Mrs. Viveash undertook to give them to the black bundle. The cabmen made way for her as she advanced; there was an uncomfortable silence. The black bundle lifted a face that was old and worn, like the face of a statue in the portal of a cathedral; an old face, but one was aware somehow, that 81 it belonged to a woman still young by the reckoning of years. Her hands trembled as she took the notes, and when she opened her mouth to speak her hardly articulate whisper of gratitude, one saw that she had lost several of her teeth. The party disintegrated. All went their ways Mr. Mercaptan to his rococo boudoir, his sweet barocco bedroom in Sloane Street; Coleman and Zoe towards goodness only knew what scenes of intimate life in Pimlico; Lypiatt to his studio off the Tottenham Court Road, alone, silently brooding and perhaps too consciously bowed with unhappiness. But the unhappiness, poor Titan! was real enough, for had he not seen Mrs. Viveash and the insufferable, the stupid and loutish Opps driving off in one taxi? Must finish up with a little dancing, Myra had huskily uttered from that death-bed on which her restless spirit for ever and wearily exerted itself. Obediently, Bruin had given an address and they had driven off. But after the dancing? Oh, was it possible that that odious, bad-blooded young cad was her lover? And that she should like him? It was no wonder that Lypiatt should have walked, bent like Atlas under the weight of a world. And when, in Piccadilly, a belated and still unsuccessful prostitute sidled out of the darkness, as he strode by unseeing in his misery when she squeaked up at him a despairing Cheer up, duckie, Lypiatt suddenly threw up his head and laughed titanically, with the terrible bitterness of a noble soul in pain. Even the poor drabs at the street corners were affected by the unhappiness that radiated out from him, wave after throbbing wave, like music, he liked to fancy, into the night. Even the wretched drabs. He walked on, more desperately bowed than ever; but met no further adventure on his way. 82 Gumbril and Shearwater both lived in Paddington; they set off in company up Park Lane, walking in silence. Gumbril gave a little skip to get himself into step with his companion. To be out of step, when steps so loudly and flat-footedly flapped on empty pavements, was disagreeable, he found, was embarrassing, was somehow dangerous. Stepping, like this, out of time, one gave oneself away, so to speak, one made the night aware of two presences, when there might, if steps sounded in unison, be only one, heavier, more formidable, more secure than either of the separate two. In unison, then, they flapped up Park Lane. A policeman and the three poets, sulking back to back on their fountain, were the only human things besides themselves under the mauve electric moons. Its appalling, its horrible, said Gumbril at last, after a long, long silence, during which he had, indeed, been relishing to the full the horror of it all. Life, dont you know. Whats appalling? Shearwater inquired. He walked with his big head bowed, his hands clasped behind his back and clutching his hat; walked clumsily, with sudden lurches of his whole massive anatomy. Wherever he was, Shearwater always seemed to take up the space that two or three ordinary people would normally occupy. Cool fingers of wind passed refreshingly through his hair. He was thinking of the experiment he meant to try, in the next few days, down at the physiological laboratory. Youd put a man on an ergometer in a heated chamber and set him to workhours at a time. Hed sweat, of course, prodigiously. Youd make arrangements for collecting the sweat, weighing it, analysing it and so on. The interesting thing would be to see what happened at the end of a 83 few days. The man would have got rid of so much of his salts, that the blood composition might be altered and all sorts of delightful consequences might follow. It ought to be a capital experiment. Gumbrils exclamation disturbed him. Whats appalling? he asked rather irritably. Those people at the coffee-stall, Gumbril answered. Its appalling that human beings should have to live like that. Worse than dogs. Dogs have nothing to complain of. Shearwater went off at a tangent. Nor guinea-pigs, nor rats. Its these blasted anti-vivisection maniacs who make all the fuss. But think, cried Gumbril, what these wretched people have had to suffer! Walking all the way to Portsmouth in search of work; and the woman with child. Its horrifying. And then, the way people of that class are habitually treated. One has no idea of it until one has actually been treated that way oneself. In the war, for example, when one went to have ones mitral murmurs listened to by the medical boardthey treated one then as though one belonged to the lower orders, like all the rest of the poor wretches. It was a real eye-opener. One felt like a cow being got into a train. And to think that the majority of ones fellow-beings pass their whole lives being shoved about like maltreated animals! Hm, said Shearwater. If you went on sweating indefinitely, he supposed, you would end by dying. Gumbril looked through the railings at the profound darkness of the park. Vast it was and melancholy, with a string, here and there, of receding lights. Terrible, he said, and repeated the word several times. Terrible, terrible. All the legless soldiers grinding barrel-organs, all 84 the hawkers of toys stamping their leaky boots in the gutters of the Strand; at the corner of Cursitor Street and Chancery Lane, the old woman with matches, for ever holding to her left eye a handkerchief as yellow and dirty as the winter fog. What was wrong with the eye? He had never dared to look, but hurried past as though she were not there, or sometimes, when the fog was more than ordinarily cold and stifling, paused for an instant with averted eyes to drop a brown coin into her tray of matches. And then there were the murderers hanged at eight oclock, while one was savouring, almost with voluptuous consciousness, the final dream-haunted doze. There was the phthisical charwoman who used to work at his fathers house, until she got too weak and died. There were the lovers who turned on the gas and the ruined shopkeepers jumping in front of trains. Had one a right to be contented and well-fed, had one a right to ones education and good taste, a right to knowledge and conversation and the leisurely complexities of love? He looked once more through the railings at the parks impenetrable, rustic night, at the lines of beaded lamps. He looked, and remembered another night, years ago, during the war, when there were no lights in the park and the electric moons above the roadway were in almost total eclipse. He had walked up this street alone, full of melancholy emotions which, though the cause of them was different, were in themselves much the same as the melancholy emotions which swelled windily up within him to-night. He had been most horribly in love. What did you think, he asked abruptly, of Myra Viveash? Think? said Shearwater. I dont know that I 85 thought very much about her. Not a case for ratiocination exactly, is she? She seemed to me entertaining enough, as women go. I said Id lunch with her on Thursday. Gumbril felt, all of a sudden, the need to speak confidentially. There was a time, he said in a tone that was quite unreally airy, off-hand and disengaged, years ago, when I totally lost my head about her. Totally. Those tear-wet patches on his pillow, cold against his cheek in the darkness; and oh, the horrible pain of weeping, vainly, for something that was nothing, that was everything in the world! Towards the end of the war it was. I remember walking up this dismal street one night, in the pitch darkness, writhing with jealousy. He was silent. Spectrally, like a dim, haunting ghost, he had hung about her; dumbly, dumbly imploring, appealing. The weak, silent man, she used to call him. And once for two or three days, out of pity, out of affection, out of a mere desire, perhaps, to lay the tiresome ghost, she had given him what his mournful silence imploredonly to take it back, almost as soon as accorded. That other night, when he had walked up this street before, desire had eaten out his vitals and his body seemed empty, sickeningly and achingly void; jealousy was busily reminding him, with an unflagging malice, of her beautyof her beauty and the hateful, ruffian hands which now caressed, the eyes which looked on it. That was all long ago. She is certainly handsome, said Shearwater, commenting, at one or two removes, on Gumbrils last remark. I can see that she might make any one who got involved in her decidedly uncomfortable. After a day or twos continuous sweating, it suddenly occurred to him, one might 86 perhaps find sea-water more refreshing than fresh water. That would be queer. Gumbril burst out ferociously laughing. But there were other times, he went on jauntily, when other people were jealous of me. Ah, revenge, revenge. In the better world of the imagination it was possible to get ones own back. What fiendish vendettas were there carried to successful ends! I remember once writing her a quatrain in French. He had written it years after the whole thing was over, he had never sent it to any one at all; but that was all one. How did it go? Ah, yes. And he recited, with suitable gestures  Puisque nous sommes là, je dois, Vous avertir, sans trop de honte, Que je négale pas le Comte Casanovesque de Sixfois.  Rather prettily turned, I flatter myself. Rather elegantly gross. Gumbrils laughter went hooting past the Marble Arch. It stopped rather suddenly, however, at the corner of the Edgware Road. He had suddenly remembered Mr. Mercaptan, and the thought depressed him. 87 CHAPTER VI It was between Whitefield Street and the Tottenham Court Road, in a heavenly Mews, as he liked to call it for he had a characteristic weakness for philosophical paronomasia, that Casimir Lypiatt lived and worked. You passed under an archway of bald and sooty brickand at night, when the green gas-lamp underneath the arch threw livid lights and enormous architectural shadows, you could fancy yourself at the entrance of one of Piranesis prisonsand you found yourself in a long cul-de-sac, flanked on either side by low buildings, having stabling for horses below and, less commodiously, stabling for human beings in the attics above. An old-fashioned smell of animals mingled with the more progressive stink of burnt oil. The air was a little thicker here, it seemed, than in the streets outside; looking down the mews on even the clearest day, you could see the forms of things dimming and softening, the colours growing richer and deeper with every yard of distance. It was the best place in the world, Lypiatt used to say, for studying aerial perspective; that was why he lived there. But you always felt about poor Lypiatt that he was facing misfortune with a jest a little too self-consciously. Mrs. Viveashs taxi drove in under the Piranesian arch, drove in slowly and as though with a gingerly reluctance to soil its white wheels on pavements so sordid. The cabman looked round inquiringly. 88 This right? he asked. With a white-gloved finger Mrs. Viveash prodded the air two or three times, indicating that he was to drive straight on. Half-way down the mews she rapped the glass; the man drew up. Never been down ere before, he said, for the sake of making a little conversation, while Mrs. Viveash fumbled for her money. He looked at her with a polite and slightly ironic curiosity that was frankly mingled with admiration. Youre lucky, said Mrs. Viveash. We poor decayed gentlewomenyou see what were reduced to. And she handed him a florin. Slowly the taxi-man unbuttoned his coat and put the coin away in an inner pocket. He watched her as she crossed the dirty street, placing her feet with a meticulous precision one after the other in the same straight line, as though she were treading a knife edge between goodness only knew what invisible gulfs. Floating she seemed to go, with a little spring at every step and the skirt of her summery dresswhite it was, with a florid pattern printed in black all over itblowing airily out around her swaying march. Decayed gentlewomen indeed! The driver started his machine with an unnecessary violence; he felt, for some reason, positively indignant. Between the broad double-doors through which the horses passed to their fodder and repose were little narrow human doorsfor the Yahoos, Lypiatt used to say in his large allusive way; and when he said it he laughed with the loud and bell-mouthed cynicism of one who sees himself as a misunderstood and embittered Prometheus. At one of these little Yahoo doors Mrs. Viveash halted and rapped as loudly as a small and stiff-hinged knocker would permit. 89 Patiently she waited; several small and dirty children collected to stare at her. She knocked again and again waited. More children came running up from the farther end of the mews; two young girls of fifteen or sixteen appeared at a neighbouring doorway and immediately gave tongue in whoops of mirthless, hyena-like laughter. Have you ever read about the pied piper of Hamelin? Mrs. Viveash asked the nearest child. Terrified, it shrank away. I thought not, she said, and knocked again. There was a sound, at last, of heavy feet slowly descending steep stairs; the door opened. Welcome to the palazzo! It was Lypiatts heroic formula of hospitality. Welcome at last, Mrs. Viveash corrected, and followed him up a narrow, dark staircase that was as steep as a ladder. He was dressed in a velveteen jacket and linen trousers that should have been white, but needed washing. He was dishevelled and his hands were dirty. Did you knock more than once? he asked, looking back over his shoulder. More than twenty times, Mrs. Viveash justifiably exaggerated. Im infinitely sorry, protested Lypiatt. I get so deeply absorbed in my work, you know. Did you wait long? The children enjoyed it, at any rate. Mrs. Viveash was irritated by a suspicion, which was probably, after all, quite unjustified, that Casimir had been rather consciously absorbed in his work; that he had heard her first knock and plunged the more profoundly into those depths of absorption where the true artist always dwells, or at any rate ought to dwell; to rise at her third appeal with a slow, pained reluctance, cursing, perhaps, at the importunity 90 of a world which thus noisily interrupted the flow of his inspiration. Queer, the way they stare at one, she went on, with a note in her dying voice of a petulance that the children had not inspired. Does one look such a guy? Lypiatt threw open the door at the head of the stairs and stood there on the threshold, waiting for her. Queer? he repeated. Not a bit. And as she moved past him into the room, he laid his hand on her shoulder and fell into step with her, leaving the door to slam behind them. Merely an example of the mobs instinctive dislike of the aristocratic individual. Thats all. Oh, why was I born with a different face? Thank God I was, though. And so were you. But the difference has its disadvantages; the children throw stones. They didnt throw stones. Mrs. Viveash was too truthful, this time. They halted in the middle of the studio. It was not a very large room and there were too many things in it. The easel stood near the centre of the studio; round it Lypiatt kept a space permanently cleared. There was a broad fairway leading to the door, and another, narrower and tortuously winding between boxes and piled-up furniture and tumbled books, gave access to his bed. There was a piano and a table permanently set with dirty plates and strewed with the relics of two or three meals. Bookshelves stood on either side of the fireplace and lying on the floor were still more books, piles on dusty piles. Mrs. Viveash stood looking at the picture on the easel abstract againshe didnt like it, and Lypiatt, who had dropped his hand from her shoulder, had stepped back the better to see her, stood earnestly looking at Mrs. Viveash. 91 May I kiss you? he asked after a silence. Mrs. Viveash turned towards him, smiling agonizingly, her eyebrows ironically lifted, her eyes steady and calm and palely, brightly inexpressive. If it really gives you any pleasure, she said. It wont, I may say, to me. You make me suffer a great deal, said Lypiatt, and said it so quietly and unaffectedly, that Myra was almost startled; she was accustomed, with Casimir, to noisier and more magniloquent protestations. Im very sorry, she said; and, really, she felt sorry. But I cant help it, can I? I suppose you cant, he said. You cant, he repeated and his voice had now become the voice of Prometheus in his bitterness. Nor can tigresses. He had begun to pace up and down the unobstructed fairway between his easel and the door; Lypiatt liked pacing while he talked. You like playing with the victim, he went on; he must die slowly. Reassured, Mrs. Viveash faintly smiled. This was the familiar Casimir. So long as he could talk like this, could talk like an old-fashioned French novel, it was all right; he couldnt really be so very unhappy. She sat down on the nearest unencumbered chair. Lypiatt continued to walk back and forth, waving his arms as he walked. But perhaps its good for one to suffer, he went on, perhaps its unavoidable and necessary. Perhaps I ought to thank you. Can an artist do anything if hes happy? Would he ever want to do anything? What is art, after all, but a protest against the horrible inclemency of life? He halted in front of her, with arms extended in a questioning gesture. Mrs. Viveash slightly shrugged her shoulders. She really didnt know; she couldnt answer. Ah, but 92 thats all nonsense, he burst out again, all rot. I want to be happy and contented and successful; and of course I should work better if I were. And I want, oh, above everything, everything, I want you to possess you completely and exclusively and jealously and for ever. And the desire is like rust corroding my heart, its like moth eating holes in the fabric of my mind. And you merely laugh. He threw up his hands and let them limply fall again. But I dont laugh, said Mrs. Viveash. On the contrary, she was very sorry for him; and, what was more, he rather bored her. For a few days, once, she had thought she might be in love with him. His impetuosity had seemed a torrent strong enough to carry her away. She had found out her mistake very soon. After that he had rather amused her and now he rather bored her. No, decidedly, she never laughed. She wondered why she still went on seeing him. Simply because one must see some one? or why? Are you going to go on with my portrait? she asked. Lypiatt sighed. Yes, he said, I suppose Id better be getting on with my work. Workits the only thing. Portrait of a Tigress. The cynical Titan spoke again. Or shall I call it, Portrait of a Woman who has never been in Love? That would be a very stupid title, said Mrs. Viveash. Or, Portrait of the Artists Heart Disease? That would be good, that would be damned good! Lypiatt laughed very loudly and slapped his thighs. He looked, Mrs. Viveash thought, peculiarly ugly when he laughed. His face seemed to go all to pieces; not a corner of it but was wrinkled and distorted by the violent grimace of mirth. Even the forehead was ruined when he laughed. Foreheads 93 are generally the human part of peoples faces. Let the nose twitch and the mouth grin and the eyes twinkle as monkeyishly as you like; the forehead can still be calm and serene, the forehead still knows how to be human. But when Casimir laughed, his forehead joined in the general disintegrating grimace. And sometimes even when he wasnt laughing, when he was just vivaciously talking, his forehead seemed to lose its calm and would twitch and wrinkle itself in a dreadful kind of agitation. Portrait of the Artists Heart Diseaseshe didnt find it so very funny. The critics would think it was a problem picture, Lypiatt went on. And so it would be, by God, so it would be. You are a problem. Youre the Sphinx. I wish I were Œdipus and could kill you. All this mythology! Mrs. Viveash shook her head. He made his way through the intervening litter and picked up a canvas that was leaning with averted face against the wall near the window. He held it out at arms length and examined it, his head critically cocked on one side. Oh, its good, he said softly. Its good. Look at it. And, stepping out once more into the open, he propped it up against the table so that Mrs. Viveash could see it without moving from her chair. It was a stormy vision of her; it was Myra seen, so to speak, through a tornado. He had distorted her in the portrait, had made her longer and thinner than she really was, had turned her arms into sleek tubes and put a bright, metallic polish on the curve of her cheek. The figure in the portrait seemed to be leaning backwards a little from the surface of the canvas, leaning sideways too, with the twist of an ivory statuette carved out of the curving tip of a great tusk. Only somehow in Lypiatts portrait the curve 94 seemed to lack grace, it was without point, it had no sense. Youve made me look, said Mrs. Viveash at last, as though I were being blown out of shape by the wind. All this show of violencewhat was the point of it? She didnt like it, she didnt like it at all. But Casimir was delighted with her comment. He slapped his thighs and once more laughed his restless, sharp-featured face to pieces. Yes, by God, he shouted, by God, thats right! Blown out of shape by the wind. Thats it youve said it. He began stamping up and down the room again, gesticulating. The wind, the great wind thats in me. He struck his forehead. The wind of life, the wild west wind. I feel it inside me, blowing, blowing. It carries me along with it; for though its inside me, its more than I am, its a force that comes from somewhere else, its Life itself, its God. It blows me along in the teeth of opposing fate, it makes me work on, fight on. He was like a man who walks along a sinister road at night and sings to keep up his own spirits, to emphasize and magnify his own existence. And when I paint, when I write or improvise my music, it bends the things I have in my mind, it pushes them in one direction, so that everything I do has the look of a tree that streams north-east with all its branches and all its trunk from the root upwards, as though it were trying to run from before the Atlantic gale. Lypiatt stretched out his two hands and, with fingers splayed out to the widest and trembling in the excessive tension of the muscles, moved them slowly upwards and sideways, as though he were running his palms up the stem of a little wind-wizened tree on a hilltop above the ocean. 95 Mrs. Viveash continued to look at the unfinished portrait. It was as noisy and easy and immediately effective as a Vermouth advertisement in the streets of Padua. Cinzano, Bonomelli, Campariillustrious names. Giotto and Mantegna mouldered meanwhile in their respective chapels. And look at this, Lypiatt went on. He took down the canvas that was clamped to the easel and held it out for her inspection. It was one of Casimirs abstract paintings a procession of machine-like forms rushing up diagonally from right to left across the canvas, with as it were a spray of energy blowing back from the crest of the wave towards the top right-hand corner. In this painting, he said, I symbolize the Artists conquering spiritrushing on the universe, making it its own. He began to declaim Look down, Conquistador, There on the valleys broad green floor, There lies the lake, the jewelled cities gleam, Chalco and Tlacopan Awaiting the coming Man; Look down on Mexico, Conquistador, Land of your golden dream. Or the same idea in terms of music and Lypiatt dashed to the piano and evoked a distorted ghost of Scriabin. You see? he asked feverishly, when the ghost was laid again and the sad cheap jangling had faded again into silence. You feel ? The artist rushes on the world, conquers it, gives it beauty, imposes a moral significance. He returned to the picture. This will be fine when its finished, he said. Tremendous. You feel the wind blowing there, too. And with a pointing finger he followed up the onrush of the forms. The great southwester 96 driving them on. Like leaves from an enchanter fleeing. Only not chaotically, not in disorder. Theyre blown, so to speak, in column of fourby a conscious wind. He leaned the canvas against the table and was free again to march and brandish his conquering fists. Life, he said, lifethats the great, essential thing. Youve got to get life into your art, otherwise its nothing. And life only comes out of life, out of passion and feeling; it cant come out of theories. Thats the stupidity of all this chatter about art for arts sake and the æsthetic emotions and purely formal values and all that. Its only the formal relations that matter; one subject is just as good as anotherthats the theory. Youve only got to look at the pictures of the people who put it into practice to see that it wont do. Life comes out of life. You must paint with passion and the passion will stimulate your intellect to create the right formal relations. And to paint with passion, you must paint things that passionately interest you, moving things, human things. Nobody, except a mystical pantheist, like Van Gogh, can seriously be as much interested in napkins, apples and bottles as in his lovers face, or the resurrection, or the destiny of man. Could Mantegna have devised his splendid compositions if he had painted arrangements of Chianti flasks and cheeses instead of Crucifixions, martyrs and triumphs of great men? Nobody but a fool could believe it. And could I have painted that portrait if I hadnt loved you, if you werent killing me? Ah, Bonomelli and illustrious Cinzano! Passionately I paint passion. I draw life out of life. And I wish them joy of their bottles and their Canadian apples and their muddy table napkins with the beastly folds 97 in them that look like loops of tripe. Once more Lypiatt disintegrated himself with laughter; then was silent. Mrs. Viveash nodded, slowly and reflectively. I think youre right, she said. Yes, he was surely right; there must be life, life was the important thing. That was precisely why his paintings were so badshe saw now; there was no life in them. Plenty of noise there was, and gesticulation and a violent galvanized twitching; but no life, only the theatrical show of it. There was a flaw in the conduit; somewhere between the man and his work life leaked out. He protested too much. But it was no good; there was no disguising the deadness. Her portrait was a dancing mummy. He bored her now. Did she even positively dislike him? Behind her unchanging pale eyes Mrs. Viveash wondered. But in any case, she reflected, one neednt always like the people with whom one associates. There are music halls as well as confidential boudoirs; some people are admitted to the tea-party and the tête-à-tête , others, on a stage invisible, poor things! to themselves, do their little song-and-dance, roll out their characteristic patter, and having provided you with your entertainment are dismissed with their due share of applause. But then, what if they become boring? Well, said Lypiatt at lasthe had stood there, motionless, for a long time, biting his nails, I suppose wed better begin our sitting. He picked up the unfinished portrait and adjusted it on the easel. Ive wasted a lot of time, he said, and there isnt, after all, so much of it to waste. He spoke gloomily, and his whole person had become, all of a sudden, curiously shrunken and deflated. There isnt so much of it, he repeated, and sighed. I still think of myself as a young man, young and promising, dont you 98 know. Casimir Lypiattits a young, promising sort of name, isnt it? But Im not young, Ive passed the age of promise. Every now and then I realize it, and its painful, its depressing. Mrs. Viveash stepped up on to the models dais and took her seat. Is that right? she asked. Lypiatt looked first at her, then at his picture. Her beauty, his passionwere they only to meet on the canvas? Opps was her lover. Time was passing; he felt tired. Thatll do, he said and began painting. How young are you? he asked after a moment. Twenty-five, I should imagine, said Mrs. Viveash. Twenty-five? Good Lord, its nearly fifteen years since I was twenty-five. Fifteen years, fighting all the time. God, how I hate people sometimes! Everybody. Its not their malignity I mind; I can give them back as good as they give me. Its their power of silence and indifference, its their capacity for making themselves deaf. Here am I with something to say to them, something important and essential. And Ive been saying it for more than fifteen years, Ive been shouting it. They pay no attention. I bring them my head and heart on a charger, and they dont even notice that the things are there. I sometimes wonder how much longer I can manage to go on. His voice had become very low, and it trembled. Ones nearly forty, you know.... The voice faded huskily away into silence. Languidly and as though the business exhausted him, he began mixing colours on his palette. Mrs. Viveash looked at him. No, he wasnt young; at the moment, indeed, he seemed to have become much older than he really was. An old man was standing there, peaked 99 and sharp and worn. He had failed, he was unhappy. But the world would have been unjuster, less discriminating if it had given him success. Some people believe in you, she said; there was nothing else for her to say. Lypiatt looked up at her. You? he asked. Mrs. Viveash nodded, deliberately. It was a lie. But was it possible to tell the truth? And then there is the future, she reassured him, and her faint death-bed voice seemed to prophesy with a perfect certainty. Youre not forty yet; youve got twenty, thirty years of work in front of you. And there were others, after all, who had to waita long timesometimes till after they were dead. Great men; Blake, for instance.... She felt positively ashamed; it was like a little talk by Doctor Frank Crane. But she felt still more ashamed, when she saw that Casimir had begun to cry and that the tears were rolling, one after another, slowly down his face. He put down his palette, he stepped on to the dais, he came and knelt at Mrs. Viveashs feet. He took one of her hands between his own and he bent over it, pressing it to his forehead, as though it were a charm against unhappy thoughts, sometimes kissing it; soon it was wet with tears. He wept almost in silence. Its all right, Mrs. Viveash kept repeating, its all right, and she laid her free hand on his bowed head, she patted it comfortingly as one might pat the head of a large dog that comes and thrusts its muzzle between ones knees. She felt, even as she made it, how meaningless and unintimate the gesture was. If she had liked him, she would have run her fingers through his hair; but somehow his hair rather disgusted her. Its all right, all right. But, 100 of course, it wasnt all right; and she was comforting him under false pretences and he was kneeling at the feet of somebody who simply wasnt thereso utterly detached, so far away she was from all this scene and all his misery. Youre the only person, he said at last, who cares or understands. Mrs. Viveash could almost have laughed. He began once more to kiss her hand. Beautiful and enchanting Myrayou were always that. But now youre good and dear as well, now I know youre kind. Poor Casimir! she said. Why was it that people always got involved in ones life? If only one could manage things on the principle of the railways! Parallel tracksthat was the thing. For a few miles youd be running at the same speed. Thered be delightful conversation out of the windows; youd exchange the omelette in your restaurant car for the vol-au-vent in theirs. And when youd said all there was to say, youd put on a little more steam, wave your hand, blow a kiss and away youd go, forging ahead along the smooth, polished rails. But instead of that, there were these dreadful accidents; the points were wrongly set, the trains came crashing together; or people jumped on as you were passing through the stations and made a nuisance of themselves and wouldnt allow themselves to be turned off. Poor Casimir! But he irritated her, he was a horrible bore. She ought to have stopped seeing him. You cant wholly dislike me, then? But of course not, my poor Casimir! If you knew how horribly I loved you! He looked up at her despairingly. 101 But whats the good? said Mrs. Viveash. Have you ever known what its like to love some one so much that you feel you could die of it? So that it hurts all the time. As though there were a wound. Have you ever known that? Mrs. Viveash smiled her agonizing smile, nodded slowly and said, Perhaps. And one doesnt die, you know. One doesnt die. Lypiatt was leaning back, staring fixedly up at her. The tears were dry on his face, his cheeks were flushed. Do you know what it is, he asked, to love so much, that you begin to long for the anodyne of physical pain to quench the pain in the soul? You dont know that. And suddenly, with his clenched fist, he began to bang the wooden dais on which he was kneeling, blow after blow, with all his strength. Mrs. Viveash leant forward and tried to arrest his hand. Youre mad, Casimir, she said. Youre mad. Dont do that. She spoke with anger. Lypiatt laughed till his face was all broken up with the grimace, and proffered for her inspection his bleeding knuckles. The skin hung in little white tags and tatters, and from below the blood was slowly oozing up to the surface. Look, he said, and laughed again. Then suddenly, with an extraordinary agility, he jumped to his feet, bounded from the dais and began once more to stride up and down the fairway between his easel and the door. By God, he kept repeating, by God, by God. I feel it in me. I can face the whole lot of you; the whole damned lot. Yes, and I shall get the better of you yet. An Artisthe called up that traditional ghost and it comforted him; he wrapped himself with a protective 102 gesture within the ample folds of its bright mantlean Artist doesnt fail under unhappiness. He gets new strength from it. The torture makes him sweat new masterpieces.... He began to talk about his books, his poems and pictures; all the great things in his head, the things he had already done. He talked about his exhibitionah, by God, that would astonish them, that would bowl them over, this time. The blood mounted to his face; there was a flush over the high projecting cheek-bones. He could feel the warm blood behind his eyes. He laughed aloud; he was a laughing lion. He stretched out his arms; he was enormous, his arms reached out like the branches of a cedar. The Artist walked across the world and the mangy dogs ran yelping and snapping behind him. The great wind blew and blew, driving him on; it lifted him and he began to fly. Mrs. Viveash listened. It didnt look as though he would get much further with the portrait. 103 CHAPTER VII It was Press Day. The critics had begun to arrive; Mr. Albemarle circulated among them with a ducal amiability. The young assistant hovered vaguely about, straining to hear what the great men had to say and trying to pretend that he wasnt eavesdropping. Lypiatts pictures hung on the walls, and Lypiatts catalogue, thick with its preface and its explanatory notes, was in all hands. Very strong, Mr. Albemarle kept repeating, very strong indeed! It was his password for the day. Little Mr. Clew, who represented the Daily Post , was inclined to be enthusiastic. How well he writes! he said to Mr. Albemarle, looking up from the catalogue. And how well he paints! What impasto . Impasto, impasto the young assistant sidled off unobtrusively to the desk and made a note of it. He would look the word up in Grubbs Dictionary of Art and Artists later on. He made his way back, circuitously and as though by accident, into Mr. Clews neighbourhood. Mr. Clew was one of those rare people who have a real passion for art. He loved painting, all painting, indiscriminately. In a picture gallery he was like a Turk in a harem; he adored them all. He loved Memling as much as Raphael, he loved Grünewald and Michelangelo, Holman Hunt and Manet, Romney and Tintoretto; how happy he could be with all of them! Sometimes, it is true, he hated; but that was only when familiarity had not yet bred love. 104 At the first Post-Impressionist Exhibition, for example, in 1911, he had taken a very firm stand. This is an obscene farce, he had written then. Now, however, there was no more passionate admirer of Matisses genius. As a connoisseur and kunstforscher , Mr. Clew was much esteemed. People would bring him dirty old pictures to look at, and he would exclaim at once Why, its an El Greco, a Piazetta, or some other suitable name. Asked how he knew, he would shrug his shoulders and say But its signed all over. His certainty and his enthusiasm were infectious. Since the coming of El Greco into fashion, he had discovered dozens of early works by that great artist. For Lord Petersfields collection alone he had found four early El Grecos, all by pupils of Bassano. Lord Petersfields confidence in Mr. Clew was unbounded; not even that affair of the Primitives had shaken it. It was a sad affair Lord Petersfields Duccio had shown signs of cracking; the estate carpenter was sent for to take a look at the panel; he had looked. A worse-seasoned piece of Illinois hickory, he said, Ive never seen. After that he looked at the Simone Martini; for that, on the contrary, he was full of praise. Smooth-grained, well-seasonedit wouldnt crack, no, not in a hundred years. A nicer slice of board never came out of America. He had a hyperbolical way of speaking. Lord Petersfield was extremely angry; he dismissed the estate carpenter on the spot. After that he told Mr. Clew that he wanted a Giorgione, and Mr. Clew went out and found him one which was signed all over. I like this very much, said Mr. Clew, pointing to one of the thoughts with which Lypiatt had prefaced his catalogue. Genius, he adjusted his spectacles and began to read aloud, is life. Genius is a force of nature. In 105 art, nothing else counts. The modern impotents, who are afraid of genius and who are envious of it, have invented in self-defence the notion of the Artist. The Artist with his sense of form, his style, his devotion to pure beauty, et cetera, et cetera. But Genius includes the Artist; every Genius has, among very many others, the qualities attributed by the impotents to the Artist. The Artist without genius is a carver of fountains through which no water flows. Very true, said Mr. Clew, very true indeed. He marked the passage with his pencil. Mr. Albemarle produced the password. Very strongly put, he said. I have always felt that myself, said Mr. Clew. El Greco, for example.... Good morning, what about El Greco? said a voice, all in one breath. The thin, long, skin-covered skeleton of Mr. Mallard hung over them like a guilty conscience. Mr. Mallard wrote every week in the Hebdomadal Digest . He had an immense knowledge of art, and a sincere dislike of all that was beautiful. The only modern painter whom he really admired was Hodler. All others were treated by him with a merciless savagery; he tore them to pieces in his weekly articles with all the holy gusto of a Calvinist iconoclast smashing images of the Virgin. What about El Greco? he repeated. He had a peculiarly passionate loathing of El Greco. Mr. Clew smiled up at him propitiatingly; he was afraid of Mr. Mallard. His enthusiasms were no match for Mr. Mallards erudite and logical disgusts. I was merely quoting him as an example, he said. An example, I hope, of incompetent drawing, baroque composition, disgusting forms, garish colouring and hysterical 106 subject-matter. Mr. Mallard showed his old ivory teeth in a menacing smile. Those are the only things which El Grecos work exemplifies. Mr. Clew gave a nervous little laugh. What do you think of these? he asked, pointing to Lypiatts canvases. They look to me very ordinarily bad, answered Mr. Mallard. The young assistant listened appalled. In a business like this, how was it possible to make good? All the same, said Mr. Clew courageously, I like that bowl of roses in the window with the landscape behind. Number twenty-nine. He looked in the catalogue. And theres a really charming little verse about it O beauty of the rose, Goodness as well as perfume exhaling! Who gazes on these flowers, On this blue hill and ripening fieldhe knows Where duty leads and that the nameless Powers In a rose can speak their will. Really charming! Mr. Clew made another mark with his pencil. But commonplace, commonplace. Mr. Mallard shook his head. And in any case a verse cant justify a bad picture. What an unsubtle harmony of colour! And how uninteresting the composition is! That receding diagonalits been worked to death. He too made a mark in his cataloguea cross and a little circle, arranged like the skull and cross-bones on a pirates flag. Mr. Mallards catalogues were always covered with these little marks they were his symbols of condemnation. Mr. Albemarle, meanwhile, had moved away to greet the 107 new arrivals. To the critic of the Daily Cinema he had to explain that there were no portraits of celebrities. The reporter from the Evening Planet had to be told which were the best pictures. Mr. Lypiatt, he dictated, is a poet and philosopher as well as a painter. His catalogue is ahmdeclaration of faith. The reporter took it down in shorthand. And very nice too, he said. Im most grateful to you, sir, most grateful. And he hurried away, to get to the Cattle Show before the King should arrive. Mr. Albemarle affably addressed himself to the critic of the Morning Globe . I al ways regard this gallery, said a loud and cheerful voice, full of bulls and canaries in chorus, as positively a mauvais lieu . Such exhibitions! And Mr. Mercaptan shrugged his shoulders expressively. He halted to wait for his companion. Mrs. Viveash had lagged behind, reading the catalogue as she slowly walked along. Its a complete book, she said, full of poems and essays and short stories even, so far as I can see. Oh, the usual cracker mottoes. Mr. Mercaptan laughed. I know the sort of thing. Look after the past and the future will look after itself. God squared minus Man squared equals Art-plus-life times Art-minus-Life. The Higher the Art the fewer the moralsonly thats too nearly good sense to have been invented by Lypiatt. But I know the sort of thing. I could go on like that for ever. Mr. Mercaptan was delighted with himself. Ill read you one of them, said Mrs. Viveash. A picture is a chemical combination of plastic form and spiritual significance. Crikey! said Mr. Mercaptan. 108 Those who think that a picture is a matter of nothing but plastic form are like those who imagine that water is made of nothing but hydrogen. Mr. Mercaptan made a grimace. What writing! he exclaimed;  le style cest lhomme . Lypiatt hasnt got a style. Argalinexorable conclusionLypiatt doesnt exist. My word, though. Look at those horrible great nudes there. Like Carracis with cubical muscles. Sampson and Delilah, said Mrs. Viveash. Would you like me to read about them? Certainly not. Mrs. Viveash did not press the matter. Casimir, she thought, must have been thinking of her when he wrote this little poem about Poets and Women, crossed genius, torments, the sweating of masterpieces. She sighed. Those leopards are rather nice, she said, and looked at the catalogue again. An animal is a symbol and its form is significant. In the long process of adaptation, evolution has refined and simplified and shaped, till every part of the animal expresses one desire, a single idea. Man, who has become what he is, not by specialization, but by generalization, symbolizes with his body no one thing. He is a symbol of everything from the most hideous and ferocious bestiality to godhead. Dear me, said Mr. Mercaptan. A canvas of mountains and enormous clouds like nascent sculptures presented itself. Aerial Alps Mrs. Viveash began to read. Aerial Alps of amber and of snow, Junonian flesh, and bosomy alabaster Carved by the winds uncertain hands.... 109 Mr. Mercaptan stopped his ears. Please, please, he begged. Number seventeen, said Mrs. Viveash, is called Woman on a Cosmic background, A female figure stood leaning against a pillar on a hilltop, and beyond was a blue night with stars. Underneath is written For one at least, she is more than the starry universe. Mrs. Viveash remembered that Lypiatt had once said very much that sort of thing to her. So many of Casimirs things remind me, she said, of those Italian vermouth advertisements. You knowCinzano, Bonomelli and all these. I wish they didnt. This woman in white with her head in the Great Bear.... She shook her head. Poor Casimir. Mr. Mercaptan roared and squealed with laughter. Bonomelli, he said; thats precisely it. What a critic, Myra! I take off my hat. They moved on. And whats this grand transformation scene? he asked. Mrs. Viveash looked at the catalogue. Its called The Sermon on the Mount, she said. And really, do you know, I rather like it. All that crowd of figures slanting up the hill and the single figure on the topit seems to me very dramatic. My dear , protested Mr. Mercaptan. And in spite of everything, said Mrs. Viveash, feeling suddenly and uncomfortably that she had somehow been betraying the man, hes really very nice, you know. Very nice, indeed. Her expiring voice sounded very decidedly. Ah, ces femmes , exclaimed Mr. Mercaptan,  ces femmes ! Theyre all Pasiphaes and Ledas. They all in 110 their hearts prefer beasts to men, savages to civilized beings. Even you, Myra, I really believe. He shook his head. Mrs. Viveash ignored the outburst. Very nice, she repeated thoughtfully. Only rather a bore.... Her voice expired altogether. They continued their round of the gallery. 111 CHAPTER VIII Critically, in the glasses of Mr. Bojanuss fitting-room, Gumbril examined his profile, his back view. Inflated, the Patent Small-Clothes bulged, bulged decidedly, though with a certain gracious opulence that might, in a person of the other sex, have seemed only deliciously natural. In him, however, Gumbril had to admit, the opulence seemed a little misplaced and paradoxical. Still, if one has to suffer in order to be beautiful, one must also expect to be ugly in order not to suffer. Practically, the trousers were a tremendous success. He sat down heavily on the hard wooden bench of the fitting-room and was received as though on a lap of bounding resiliency; the Patent Small-Clothes, there was no doubt, would be proof even against marble. And the coat, he comforted himself, would mask with its skirts the too decided bulge. Or if it didnt, well, there was no help for it. One must resign oneself to bulging, that was all. Very nice, he declared at last. Mr. Bojanus, who had been watching his client in silence and with a polite but also, Gumbril could not help feeling, a somewhat ironical smile, coughed. It depends, he said, precisely what you mean by nice. He cocked his head on one side, and the fine waxed end of his moustache was like a pointer aimed up at some remote star. Gumbril said nothing, but catching sight once more of his own side view, nodded a dubious agreement. 112 If by nice, continued Mr. Bojanus, you mean comfortable, well and good. If, however, you mean elegant, then, Mr. Gumbril, I fear I must disagree. But elegance, said Gumbril, feebly playing the philosopher, is only relative, Mr. Bojanus. There are certain African negroes, among whom it is considered elegant to pierce the lips and distend them with wooden plates, until the mouth looks like a pelicans beak. Mr. Bojanus placed his hand in his bosom and slightly bowed. Very possibly, Mr. Gumbril, he replied. But if youll pardon my saying so, we are not African negroes. Gumbril was crushed, deservedly. He looked at himself again in the mirrors. Do you object, he asked after a pause, to all eccentricities in dress, Mr. Bojanus? Would you put us all into your elegant uniform? Certainly not, replied Mr. Bojanus. There are certain walks of life in which eccentricity in appearance is positively a sine qua non , Mr. Gumbril, and I might almost say de rigueur . And which walks of life, Mr. Bojanus, may I ask? You refer, perhaps, to the artistic walks? Sombreros and Byronic collars and possibly velveteen trousers? Though all that sort of thing is surely a little out of date, nowadays. Enigmatically Mr. Bojanus smiled, a playful Sphinx. He thrust his right hand deeper into his bosom and with his left twisted to a finer needle the point of his moustache. Not artists, Mr. Gumbril. He shook his head. In practice they may show themselves a little eccentric and negleejay. But they have no need to look unusual on principle. Its only the politicians who need do it on 113 principle. Its only de rigueur , as one might say, in the political walks, Mr. Gumbril. You surprise me, said Gumbril. I should have thought that it was to the politicians interest to look respectable and normal. But it is still more to his interest as a leader of men to look distinguished, Mr. Bojanus replied. Well, not precisely distinguished, he corrected himself, because that implies that politicians look distangay , which I regret to say, Mr. Gumbril, they very often dont. Distinguishable, is more what I mean. Eccentricity is their badge of office? suggested Gumbril. He sat down luxuriously on the Patent Small-Clothes. Thats more like it, said Mr. Bojanus, tilting his moustaches. The leader has got to look different from the other ones. In the good old days they always wore their official badges. The leader ad his livery, like every one else, to show who he was. That was sensible, Mr. Gumbril. Nowadays he has no badgeat least not for ordinary occasionsfor I dont count Privy Councillors uniforms and all that sort of once-a-year fancy dress. Es reduced to dressing in some eccentric way or making the most of the peculiarities of is personal appearance. A very apazard method of doing things, Mr. Gumbril, very apazard. Gumbril agreed. Mr. Bojanus went on, making small, neat gestures as he spoke. Some of them, he said, wear uge collars, like Mr. Gladstone. Some wear orchids and eyeglasses, like Joe Chamberlain. Some let their air grow, like Lloyd George. Some wear curious ats, like Winston Churchill. 114 Some put on black shirts, like this Mussolini, and some put on red ones, like Garibaldi. Some turn up their moustaches, like the German Emperor. Some turn them down, like Clemenceau. Some grow whiskers, like Tirpitz. I dont speak of all the uniforms, orders, ornaments, ead-dresses, feathers, crowns, buttons, tattooings, ear-rings, sashes, swords, trains, tiaras, urims, thummims and what not, Mr. Gumbril, that ave been used in the past and in other parts of the world to distinguish the leader. We, oo know our istory, Mr. Gumbril, we know all about that. Gumbril made a deprecating gesture. You speak for yourself, Mr. Bojanus, he said. Mr. Bojanus bowed. Pray continue, said Gumbril. Mr. Bojanus bowed again. Well, Mr. Gumbril, he said, the point of all these things, as Ive already remarked, is to make the leader look different, so that e can be recognized at the first coop doil , as you might say, by the erd e appens to be leading. For the uman erd, Mr. Gumbril, is an erd which cant do without a leader. Sheep, for example I never noticed that they ad a leader; nor rooks. Bees, on the other and, I take it, ave. At least when theyre swarming. Correct me, Mr. Gumbril, if Im wrong. Natural istory was never, as you might say, my forty . Nor mine, protested Gumbril. As for elephants and wolves, Mr. Gumbril, I cant pretend to speak of them with first-and knowledge. Nor llamas, nor locusts, nor squab pigeons, nor lemmings. But uman beings, Mr. Gumbril, those I can claim to talk of with authority, if I may say so in all modesty, and not as 115 the scribes. I ave made a special study of them, Mr. Gumbril. And my profession as brought me into contact with very numerous specimens. Gumbril could not help wondering where precisely in Mr. Bojanuss museum he himself had his place. The uman erd, Mr. Bojanus went on, must have a leader. And a leader must have something to distinguish him from the erd. Its important for is interests that he should be recognized easily. See a baby reaching out of a bath and you immediately think of Pears Soap; see the white air waving out behind and think of Lloyd George. Thats the secret. But in my opinion, Mr. Gumbril, the old system was much more sensible, give them regular uniforms and badges, I say; make Cabinet Ministers wear feathers in their air. Then the people will be looking to a real fixed symbol of leadership, not to the peculiarities of the mere individuals. Beards and air and funny collars change; but a good uniform is always the same. Give them feathers, thats what I say, Mr. Gumbril. Feathers will increase the dignity of the State and lessen the importance of the individual. And that, concluded Mr. Bojanus with emphasis, that, Mr. Gumbril, will be all to the good. But you dont mean to tell me, said Gumbril, that if I chose to show myself to the multitude in my inflated trousers, I could become a leaderdo you? Ah, no, said Mr. Bojanus. Youd ave to ave the talent for talking and ordering people about, to begin with. Feathers wouldnt give the genius, but theyd magnify the effect of what there was. Gumbril got up and began to divest himself of the Small-Clothes. He unscrewed the valve and the air whistled out, 116 dyingly. He too sighed. Curious, he said pensively, that Ive never felt the need for a leader. Ive never met any one I felt I could whole-heartedly admire or believe in, never any one I wanted to follow. It must be pleasant, I should think, to hand oneself over to somebody else. It must give you a warm, splendid, comfortable feeling. Mr. Bojanus smiled and shook his head. You and I, Mr. Gumbril, he said, were not the sort of people to be impressed with feathers or even by talking and ordering about. We may not be leaders ourselves. But at any rate we arent the erd. Not the main herd, perhaps. Not any erd, Mr. Bojanus insisted proudly. Gumbril shook his head dubiously and buttoned up his trousers. He was not sure, now he came to think of it, that he didnt belong to all the herdsby a sort of honorary membership and temporarily, as occasion offered, as one belongs to the Union at the sister university or to the Naval and Military Club while ones own is having its annual clean-out. Shearwaters herd, Lypiatts herd, Mr. Mercaptans herd, Mrs. Viveashs herd, the architectural herd of his father, the educational herd but that, thank God! was now bleating on distant pastures, the herd of Mr. Bojanushe belonged to them all a little, to none of them completely. Nobody belonged to his herd. How could they? No chameleon can live with comfort on a tartan. He put on his coat. Ill send the garments this evening, said Mr. Bojanus. Gumbril left the shop. At the theatrical wig-makers in Leicester Square he ordered a blond fan-shaped beard to match his own hair and moustache. He would, at any rate, be his own leader; he would wear a badge, a symbol 117 of authority. And Coleman had said that there were dangerous relations to be entered into by the symbols aid. Ah, now he was provisionally a member of Colemans herd. It was all very depressing. 118 CHAPTER IX Fan-shaped, blond, mounted on gauze and guaranteed undetectable, it arrived from the wig-maker, preciously packed in a stout cardboard box six times too large for it and accompanied by a quarter of a pint of the choicest spirit gum. In the privacy of his bedroom Gumbril uncoffined it, held it out for his own admiration, caressed its silkiness and finally tried it on, holding it provisionally to his chin, in front of the looking-glass. The effect, he decided immediately, was stunning, was grandiose. From melancholy and all too mild he saw himself transformed on the instant into a sort of jovial Henry the Eighth, into a massive Rabelaisian man, broad and powerful and exuberant with vitality and hair. The proportions of his face were startlingly altered. The podium, below the mouth, had been insufficiently massive to carry the stately order of the nose; and the ratiocinative attic of the forehead, noble enough, no doubt, in itself, had been disproportionately high. The beard now supplied the deficiencies in the stylobate, and planted now on a firm basement of will, the order of the senses, the aerial attic of ideas, reared themselves with a more classical harmoniousness of proportion. It only remained for him to order from Mr. Bojanus an American coat, padded out at the shoulders as squarely and heroically as a doublet of the Cinquecento, and he would look the complete Rabelaisian man. Great eater, deep drinker, 119 stout fighter, prodigious lover; clear thinker, creator of beauty, seeker of truth and prophet of heroic grandeurs. Fitted out with coat and beard, he could qualify for the next vacancy among the cœnobites of Thelema. He removed his beardput his beaver up, as they used to say in the fine old days of chivalry; he would have to remember that little joke for Colemans benefit. He put his beaver upha, ha!and stared ruefully at the far from Rabelaisian figure which now confronted him. The moustachethat was genuine enoughwhich had looked, in conjunction with the splendid work of art below, so fierce and manly, served by itself, he now perceived, only droopily to emphasize his native mildness and melancholy. It was a dismal affair, which might have belonged to Maurice Barrès in youth; a slanting, flagging, sagging thing, such as could only grow on the lip of an assiduous Cultivator of the Me, and would become, as one grew older, ludicrously out of place on the visage of a roaring Nationalist. If it werent that it fitted in so splendidly with the beard, if it werent that it became so marvellously different in the new context he had now discovered for it, he would have shaved it off then and there. Mournful appendage. But now he would transform it, he would add to it its better half. Zadigs quatrain to his mistress, when the tablet on which it was written was broken in two, became a treasonable libel on the king. So this moustache, thought Gumbril, as gingerly he applied the spirit gum to his cheeks and chin, this moustache which by itself serves only to betray me, becomes, as soon as it is joined to its missing context, an amorous arm for the conquest of the fair sex. A little far-fetched, he decided; a little ponderous. 120 And besides, as so few people had read Zadig, not much use in conversation. Cautiously and with neat, meticulous finger-tips he adjusted the transformation to his gummed face, pressed it firmly, held it while it stuck fast. The portals of Thelema opened before him; he was free of those rich orchards, those halls and courts, those broad staircases winding in noble spirals within the flanks of each of the fair round towers. And it was Coleman who had pointed out the way; he felt duly grateful. One last look at the Complete Man, one final and definitive constatation that the Mild and Melancholy one was, for the time at least, no more; and he was ready in all confidence to set out. He selected a loose, light great-coatnot that he needed a coat at all, for the day was bright and warm; but until Mr. Bojanus had done his labour of padding he would have to broaden himself out in this way, even if it did mean that he might be uncomfortably hot. To fall short of Complete Manhood for fear of a little inconvenience would be absurd. He slipped, therefore, into his light coata toga, Mr. Bojanus called it, a very neat toga in real West Country whipcord. He put on his broadest and blackest felt hat, for breadth above everything was what he needed to give him completeness, breadth of stature, breadth of mind, breadth of human sympathy, breadth of smile, breadth of humour, breadth of everything. The final touch was a massive and antique Malacca cane belonging to his father. If he had possessed a bulldog, he would have taken it out on a leash. But he did not. He issued into the sunshine, unaccompanied. But unaccompanied he did not mean to remain for long. These warm, bright May days were wonderful days for being in love on. And to be alone on such days was like 121 a malady. It was a malady from which the Mild and Melancholy Man suffered all too frequently. And yet there were millions of superfluous women in the country; millions of them. Every day, in the streets, one saw thousands of them passing; and some were exquisite, were ravishing, the only possible soul-mates. Thousands of unique soul-mates every day. The Mild and Melancholy one allowed them to passfor ever. But to-dayto-day he was the complete and Rabelaisian man; he was bearded to the teeth; the imbecile game was at its height; there would be opportunities, and the Complete Man could know how to take them. No, he would not be unaccompanied for long. Outside in the square the fourteen plane trees glowed in their young, unsullied green. At the end of every street the golden muslin of the haze hung in an unwrinkled curtain that thinned away above the skys gauzy horizon to transparent nothing against the intenser blue. The dim, conch-like murmur that in a city is silence seemed hazily to identify itself with the golden mistiness of summer, and against this dim, wide background the yells of the playing children detached themselves, distinct and piercing. Beaver they shouted, beaver! and, Is it cold up there? Full of playful menace, the Complete Man shook at them his borrowed Malacca. He accepted their prompt hail as the most favourable of omens. At the first tobacconists Gumbril bought the longest cigar he could find, and trailing behind him expiring blue wreaths of Cuban smoke, he made his way slowly and with an ample swagger towards the Park. It was there, under the elms, on the shores of the ornamental waters, that he expected to find his opportunity, that he intendedhow confidently behind his Gargantuan mask!to take it. 122 The opportunity offered itself sooner than he expected. He had just turned into the Queens Road and was sauntering past Whiteleys with the air of one who knows that he has a right to a good place, to two or three good places even, in the sun, when he noticed just in front of him, peering intently at the New Seasons Models, a young woman whom in his mild and melancholy days he would have only hopelessly admired, but who now, to the Complete Man, seemed a destined and accessible prey. She was fairly tall, but seemed taller than she actually was, by reason of her remarkable slenderness. Not that she looked disagreeably thin, far from it. It was a rounded slenderness. The Complete Man decided to consider her as tubularflexible and tubular, like a section of boa constrictor, should one say. She was dressed in clothes that emphasized this serpentine slimness, in a close-fitting grey jacket that buttoned up to the neck and a long, narrow grey skirt that came down to her ankles. On her head was a small, sleek black hat, that looked almost as though it were made of metal. It was trimmed on one side with a bunch of dull golden foliage. Those golden leaves were the only touch of ornament in all the severe smoothness and unbroken tubularity of her person. As for her face, that was neither strictly beautiful nor strictly ugly, but combined elements of both beauty and ugliness into a whole that was unexpected, that was oddly and somehow unnaturally attractive. Pretending, he too, to take an interest in the New Seasons Models, Gumbril made, squinting sideways over the burning tip of his cigar, an inventory of her features. The forehead, that was mostly hidden by her hat; it might be pensively and serenely high, it might be of that degree of 123 lowness which in men is villainous, but in women is only anothera rather rustic one perhaps, rather canaille even, but definitely anotherattraction. There was no telling. As for her eyes, they were green, and limpid; set wide apart in her head they looked out from under heavy lids and through openings that slanted up towards the outer corners. Her nose was slightly aquiline. Her mouth was full-lipped, but straight and unexpectedly wide. Her chin was small, round and firm. She had a pale skin, a little flushed over the cheek-bones, which were prominent. On the left cheek, close under the corner of the slanting eye, she had a brown mole. Such hair as Gumbril could see beneath her hat was pale and inconspicuously blond. When she had finished looking at the New Seasons Models she moved slowly on, halting for a moment before the travelling trunks and the fitted picnic baskets; dwelling for a full minute over the corsets, passing the hats, for some reason, rather contemptuously, but pausing, which seemed strange, for a long pensive look at the cigars and wine. As for the tennis rackets and cricket bats, the school outfits and the gentlemans hosieryshe hadnt so much as a look for one of them. But how lovingly she lingered before the boots and shoes! Her own feet, the Complete Man noticed with satisfaction, had an elegance of florid curves. And while other folk walked on neats leather she was content to be shod with nothing coarser than mottled serpents skin. Slowly they drifted up Queens Road, lingering before every jewellers, every antiquarians, every milliners on the way. The stranger gave him no opportunity, and indeed, Gumbril reflected, how should she? For the imbecile game on which he was relying is a travelling piquet 124 for two players, not a game of patience. No sane human being could play it in solitude. He would have to make the opportunity himself. All that was mild in him, all that was melancholy, shrank with a sickened reluctance from the task of breakingwith what consequences delicious and perilous in the future or, in the case of the deserved snub, immediately humiliating?a silence which, by the tenth or twelfth shop window, had become quite unbearably significant. The Mild and Melancholy one would have drifted to the top of the road, sharing, with that community of tastes which is the basis of every happy union, her enthusiasm for brass candlesticks and toasting-forks, imitation Chippendale furniture, gold watch-bracelets and low-waisted summer frocks; would have drifted to the top of the road and watched her, dumbly, disappearing for ever into the green Park or along the blank pavements of the Bayswater Road; would have watched her for ever disappear and then, if the pubs had happened to be open, would have gone and ordered a glass of port, and sitting at the bar would have savoured, still dumbly, among the other drinkers, the muddy grapes of the Douro, and his own unique loneliness. That was what the Mild and Melancholy one would have done. But the sight, as he gazed earnestly into an antiquarys window, of his own powerful bearded face reflected in a sham Heppelwhite mirror, reminded him that the Mild and Melancholy one was temporarily extinct, and that it was the Complete Man who now dawdled, smoking his long cigar, up the Queens Road towards the Abbey of Thelema. He squared his shoulders; in that loose toga of Mr. Bojanuss he looked as copious as François Premier. The time, he decided, had come. 125 It was at this moment that the reflection of the strangers face joined itself in the little mirror, as she made a little movement away from the Old Welsh dresser in the corner, to that of his own. She looked at the spurious Heppelwhite. Their eyes met in the hospitable glass. Gumbril smiled. The corners of the strangers wide mouth seemed faintly to move; like petals of the magnolia, her eyelids came slowly down over her slanting eyes. Gumbril turned from the reflection to the reality. If you want to say Beaver, he said, you may. The Complete Man had made his first speech. I want to say nothing, said the stranger. She spoke with a charming precision and distinctness, lingering with a pretty emphasis on the n of nothing. Nnnothingit sounded rather final. She turned away, she moved on. But the Complete Man was not one to be put off by a mere ultimatum. There, he said, falling into step with her, now Ive had itthe deserved snub. Honour is saved, prestige duly upheld. Now we can get on with our conversation. The Mild and Melancholy one stood by, gasping with astonished admiration. You are vvery impertinent, said the stranger, smiling and looking up from under the magnolia petals. It is in my character, said the Complete Man. You mustnt blame me. One cannot escape from ones heredity; thats ones share of original sin. There is always grace, said the stranger. Gumbril caressed his beard. True, he replied. I advise you to prray for it. His prayer, the Mild and Melancholy one reflected, had 126 already been answered. The original sin in him had been self-corrected. Here is another antique shop, said Gumbril. Shall we stop and have a look at it? The stranger glanced at him doubtfully. But he looked quite serious. They stopped. How revolting this sham cottage furniture is, Gumbril remarked. The shop, he noticed, was called Ye Olde Farme House. The stranger, who had been on the point of saying how much she liked those lovely Old Welsh dressers, gave him her heartiest agreement. So vvulgar. So horribly refined. So refined and artistic. She laughed on a descending chromatic scale. This was excitingly new. Poor Aunt Aggie with her Arts and Crafts, and her old English furniture. And to think she had taken them so seriously! She saw in a flash the fastidious lady that she now waswith Louis whatever-it-was furniture at home, and jewels, and young poets to tea, and real artists. In the past, when she had imagined herself entertaining real artists, it had always been among really artistic furniture. Aunt Aggies furniture. But nowno, oh no. This man was probably an artist. His beard; and that big black hat. But not poor; very well dressed. Yes, its funny to think that there are people who call that sort of thing artistic. Ones quite ssorry for them, she added, with a little hiss. You have a kind heart, said Gumbril. Im glad to see that. Not vvery kind, Im affraid. She looked at him sideways, and significantly as the fastidious lady would have looked at one of the poets. 127 Well, kind enough, I hope, said the Complete Man. He was delighted with his new acquaintance. Together they disembogued into the Bayswater Road. It was here, Gumbril reflected, that the Mild and Melancholy one would dumbly have slunk away to his glass of port and his loneliness among the alien topers at the bar. But the Complete Man took his new friend by the elbow, and steered her into the traffic. Together they crossed the road, together entered the park. I still think you are vvery impertinent, said the lady. What induced you to follow me? With a single comprehensive gesture, Gumbril indicated the sun, the sky, the green trees airily glittering, the grass, the emerald lights and violet shadows of the rustic distance. On a day like this, he said, how could I help it? Original sin? Oh, the Complete Man modestly shook his head, I lay no claim to originality in this. The stranger laughed. This was nearly as good as a young poet at the tea-table. She was very glad that shed decided, after all, to put on her best suit this afternoon, even if it was a little stuffy for the warmth of the day. He, too, she noticed, was wearing a great-coat; which seemed rather odd. Is it original, he went on, to go and tumble stupidly like an elephant into a pitfall, head over ears, at first sight...? She looked at him sideways, then closed down the magnolia petals, and smiled. This was going to be the real thingone of those long, those interminable, or, at any rate, indefinitely renewable conversations about love; witty, subtle, penetrating and bold, like the conversations in 128 books, like the conversations across the tea-table between brilliant young poets and ladies of quality, grown fastidious through an excessive experience, fastidious and a little weary, but still, in their subtle way, insatiably curious. Suppose we sit down, suggested Gumbril, and he pointed to a couple of green iron chairs, standing isolated in the middle of the grass close together and with their fronts slanting inwards a little towards one another in a position that suggested a confidential intimacy. At the prospect of the conversation that, inevitably, was about to unroll itself, he felt decidedly less elated than did his new friend. If there was anything he disliked it was conversations about love. It bored him, oh, it bored him most horribly, this minute analysis of the passion that young women always seemed to expect one, at some point or other in ones relation with them, to make. How love alters the character for both good and bad; how physical passion need not be incompatible with the spiritual; how a hateful and tyrannous possessiveness can be allied in love with the most unselfish solicitude for the other partyoh, he knew all this and much more, so well, so well. And whether one can be in love with more than one person at a time, whether love can exist without jealousy, whether pity, affection, desire can in any way replace the full and genuine passionhow often he had had to thrash out these dreary questions! And all the philosophic speculations were equally familiar, all the physiological and anthropological and psychological facts. In the theory of the subject he had ceased to take any interest. Unhappily, a discussion of the theory always seemed to be an essential preliminary to the practice of it. He sighed a little wearily as he took his seat on the green 129 iron chair. But then, recollecting that he was now the Complete Man, and that the Complete Man must do everything with a flourish and a high hand, he leaned forward and, smiling with a charming insolence through his beard, began Tiresias, you may remember, was granted the singular privilege of living both as a man and a woman. Ah, this was the genuine young poet. Supporting an elbow on the back of her chair and leaning her cheek against her hand, she disposed herself to listen and, where necessary, brilliantly to interpellate; it was through half-closed eyes that she looked at him, and she smiled faintly in a manner which she knew, from experience, to be enigmatic, and though a shade haughty, though a tiny bit mocking and ironical, exceedingly attractive. An hour and a half later they were driving towards an address in Bloxam Gardens, Maida Vale. The name seemed vaguely familiar to Gumbril. Bloxam Gardensperhaps one of his aunts had lived there once? Its a drdreadful little maisonnette, she explained. Full of awful things. We had to take it furnished. Its so impossible to find anything now. Gumbril leaned back in his corner, wondering, as he studied that averted profile, who or what this young woman could be. She seemed to be in the obvious movement, to like the sort of things one would expect people to like; she seemed to be as highly civilized, in Mr. Mercaptans rather technical sense of the term, as free of all prejudices as the great exponent of civilization himself. She seemed, from her coolly dropped hints, to possess all the dangerous experience, all the assurance and easy ruthlessness of a great lady whose whole life is occupied 130 in the interminable affairs of the heart, the senses and the head. But, by a strange contradiction she seemed to find her life narrow and uninteresting. She had complained in so many words that her husband misunderstood and neglected her, had complained, by implication, that she knew very few interesting people. The maisonnette in Bloxam Gardens was certainly not very splendidsix rooms on the second and third floors of a peeling stucco house. And the furnituredecidedly Hire Purchase. And the curtains and cretonnesbrightly modern, positively futurist. What one has to put up with in furnished flats! The lady made a grimace as she ushered him into the sitting-room. And while she spoke the words, she really managed to persuade herself that the furniture wasnt theirs, that they had found all this sordid stuff cluttering up the rooms, not chosen it, oh with pains! themselves, not doggedly paid for it, month by month. Our own things, she murmured vaguely, are stored. In the Riviera. It was there, under the palms, among the gaudy melon flowers and the croupiers that the fastidious lady had last held her salon of young poets. In the Rivierathat would explain, now she came to think of it, a lot of things, if explanation ever became necessary. The Complete Man nodded sympathetically. Other peoples tastes, he held up his hands, they both laughed. But why do we think of other people? he added. And coming forward with a conquering impulsiveness he took both her long, fine hands in his and raised them to his bearded mouth. She looked at him for a second, then dropped her eyelids, took back her hands. I must go and make the tea, she 131 said. The servantsthe plural was a pardonable exaggerationare out. Gallantly, the Complete Man offered to come and help her. These scenes of intimate life had a charm all their own. But she would not allow it. No, no, she was very firm, I simply forbid you. You must stay here. I wont be a moment, and she was gone, closing the door carefully behind her. Left to himself, Gumbril sat down and filed his nails. As for the young lady, she hurried along to her dingy little kitchen, lit the gas, put the kettle on, set out the teapot and the cups on a tray, and from the biscuit-box, where it was stored, took out the remains of a chocolate cake, which had already seen service at the day-before-yesterdays tea-party. When all was ready here, she tiptoed across to her bedroom and sitting down at her dressing-table, began with hands that trembled a little with excitement to powder her nose, and heighten the colour of her cheeks. Even after the last touch had been given, she still sat there, looking at her image in the glass. The lady and the poet, she was thinking, the grande dame and the brilliant young man of genius. She liked young men with beards. But he was not an artist, in spite of the beard, in spite of the hat. He was a writer of sorts. So she gathered; but he was reticent, he was delightfully mysterious. She too, for that matter. The great lady slips out, masked, into the street; touches the young mans sleeve Come with me. She chooses, does not let herself passively be chosen. The young poet falls at her feet; she lifts him up. One is accustomed to this sort of thing. She opened her jewel box, took out all her ringsthere 132 were not many of them, alas!and put them on. Two or three of them, on second thoughts, she took off again; they were a little, she suspected with a sudden qualm, in other peoples taste. He was very clever, very artisticonly that seemed to be the wrong word to use; he seemed to know all the new things, all the interesting people. Perhaps he would introduce her to some of them. And he was so much at ease behind his knowledge, so well assured. But for her part, she felt pretty certain, she had made no stupid mistakes. She too had been, had looked at any ratewhich was the important thingvery much at ease. She liked young men with beards. They looked so Russian. Catherine of Russia had been one of the great ladies with caprices. Masked in the streets. Young poet, come with me. Or even, Young butchers boy. But that, no, that was going too far, too low. Still, life, lifeit was there to be livedlifeto be enjoyed. And now, and now? She was still wondering what would happen next, when the kettle, which was one of those funny ones which whistle when they come to the boil, began, fitfully, at first, then, under full steam, unflaggingly, to sound its mournful, other-worldly note. She sighed and bestirred herself to attend to it. Let me help you. Gumbril jumped up as she came into the room. What can I do? He hovered rather ineptly round her. The lady put down her tray on the little table. Nnothing, she said. Nnothing? he imitated her with a playful mockery. Am I good for nnothing at all? He took one of her hands and kissed it. 133 Nothing thats of the lleast importance. She sat down and began to pour out the tea. The Complete Man also sat down. So to adore at first sight, he asked, is not of the lleast importance? She shook her head, smiled, raised and lowered her eyelids. One was so well accustomed to this sort of thing; it had no importance. Sugar? she asked. The young poet was safely there, sparkling across the tea-table. He offered love and she, with the easy heartlessness of one who is so well accustomed to this sort of thing, offered him sugar. He nodded. Please. But if its of no importance to you, he went on, then Ill go away at once. The lady laughed her section of a descending chromatic scale. Oh no, you wont, she said. You cant. And she felt that the grande dame had made a very fine stroke. Quite right, the Complete Man replied; I couldnt. He stirred his tea. But who are you, he looked up at her suddenly, you devilish female? He was genuinely anxious to know; and besides, he was paying her a very pretty compliment. What do you do with your dangerous existence? I enjoy life, she said. I think one ought to enjoy life. Dont you? I think its ones first duty. She became quite grave. One ought to enjoy every moment of it, she said. Oh, passionately, adventurously, newly, excitingly, uniquely. The Complete Man laughed. A conscientious hedonist. I see. She felt uncomfortably that the fastidious lady had not quite lived up to her character. She had spoken more like a young woman who finds life too dull and daily, and would 134 like to get on to the cinema. I am very conscientious, she said, making significant play with the magnolia petals and smiling her riddling smile. She must retrieve the Great Catherines reputation. I could see that from the first, mocked the Complete Man with a triumphant insolence. Conscience doth make cowards of us all. The fastidious lady only contemptuously smiled. Have a little chocolate cake, she suggested. Her heart was beating. She wondered, she wondered. There was a long silence. Gumbril finished his chocolate cake, gloomily drank his tea and did not speak. He found, all at once, that he had nothing to say. His jovial confidence seemed, for the moment, to have deserted him. He was only the Mild and Melancholy one foolishly disguised as a Complete Man; a sheep in beavers clothing. He entrenched himself behind his formidable silence and waited; waited, at first, sitting in his chair, then, when this total inactivity became unbearable, striding about the room. She looked at him, for all her air of serene composure, with a certain disquiet. What on earth was he up to now? What could he be thinking about? Frowning like that, he looked like a young Jupiter, bearded and burly though not, she noticed, quite so burly as he had appeared in his overcoat making ready to throw a thunderbolt. Perhaps he was thinking of hersuspecting her, seeing through the fastidious lady and feeling angry at her attempted deception. Or perhaps he was bored with her, perhaps he was wanting to go away. Well, let him go; she didnt mind. Or perhaps he was just made like thata moody young poet; that seemed, on the whole, the most likely explanation; 135 it was also the most pleasing and romantic. She waited. They both waited. Gumbril looked at her and was put to shame by the spectacle of her quiet serenity. He must do something, he told himself; he must recover the Complete Mans lost morale . Desperately he came to a halt in front of the one decent picture hanging on the walls. It was an eighteenth-century engraving of Raphaels Transfigurationbetter, he always thought, in black and white than in its bleakly-coloured original. Thats a nice engraving, he said. Very nice. The mere fact of having uttered at all was a great comfort to him, a real relief. Yes, she said, That belongs to me. I found it in a second-hand shop, not far from here. Photography, he pronounced, with that temporary earnestness which made him seem an enthusiast about everything, is a mixed blessing. It has made it possible to reproduce pictures so easily and cheaply, that all the bad artists who were well occupied in the past, making engravings of good mens paintings, are now free to do bad original work of their own. All this was terribly impersonal, he told himself, terribly off the point. He was losing ground. He must do something drastic to win it back. But what? She came to his rescue. I bought another at the same time, she said. The Last Communion of St. Jerome, bywho is it? I forget. Ah, you mean Domenichinos St. Jerome? The Complete Man was afloat again. Poussins favourite picture. Mine too, very nearly. Id like to see that. Its in my room, Im afraid. But if you dont mind. 136 He bowed. If you dont. She smiled graciously to him and got up. This way, she said, and opened the door. Its a lovely picture, Gumbril went on, loquaciously now, behind her, as they walked down the dark corridor. And besides, I have a sentimental attachment to it. There used to be a copy of an engraving of it at home, when I was a child. And I remember wondering and wonderingoh, it went on for yearsevery time I saw the picture; wondering why on earth that old bishop for I did know it was a bishop should be handing the naked old man a five-shilling piece. She opened a door; they were in her very pink room. Grave in its solemn and subtly harmonious beauty, the picture hung over the mantelpiece, hung there, among the photographs of the little friends of her own age, like some strange object from another world. From within that chipped gilt frame all the beauty, all the grandeur of religion looked darkly out upon the pink room. The little friends of her own age, all deliciously nubile, sweetly smiled, turned up their eyes, clasped Persian cats or stood jauntily, feet apart, hand in the breeches pocket of the land-girls uniform; the pink roses on the wallpaper, the pink and white curtains, the pink bed, the strawberry-coloured carpet, filled all the air with the rosy reflections of nakedness and life. And utterly remote, absorbed in their grave, solemn ecstasy, the robed and mitred priest held out, the dying saint yearningly received, the body of the Son of God. The ministrants looked gravely on, the little angels looped in the air above a gravely triumphant festoon, the lion slept at the saints feet, and through the arch beyond, the 137 eye travelled out over a quiet country of dark trees and hills. There it is, she waved towards the mantelpiece. But Gumbril had taken it all in long ago. You see what I mean by the five-shilling piece. And stepping up to the picture, he pointed to the round bright wafer which the priest holds in his hand and whose averted disk is like the essential sun at the centre of the pictures harmonious universe. Those were the days of five-shilling pieces, he went on. Youre probably too young to remember those large, lovely things. They came my way occasionally, and consecrated wafers didnt. So you can understand how much the picture puzzled me. A bishop giving a naked old man five shillings in a church, with angels fluttering overhead, and a lion sleeping in the foreground. It was obscure, it was horribly obscure. He turned away from the picture and confronted his hostess, who was standing a little way behind him smiling enigmatically and invitingly. Obscure, he repeated. But so is everything. So is life in general. And you, he stepped towards her, you in particular. Am I? she lifted her limpid eyes at him. Oh, how her heart was beating, how hard it was to be the fastidious lady, calmly satisfying her caprice. How difficult it was to be accustomed to this sort of thing. What was going to happen next? What happened next was that the Complete Man came still closer, put his arms round her, as though he were inviting her to the fox-trot, and began kissing her with a startling violence. His beard tickled her neck; shivering a little, she brought down the magnolia petals across her 138 eyes. The Complete Man lifted her up, walked across the room carrying the fastidious lady in his arms and deposited her on the rosy catafalque of the bed. Lying there with her eyes shut, she did her best to pretend she was dead. Gumbril had looked at his wrist watch and found that it was six oclock. Already? He prepared himself to take his departure. Wrapped in a pink kimono, she came out into the hall to wish him farewell. When shall I see you again, Rosie? He had learnt that her name was Rosie. She had recovered her great ladys equanimity and detachment, and was able to shrug her shoulders and smile. How should I know? she asked, implying that she could not foresee what her caprice might be an hour hence. May I write then, and ask one of these days if you do know? She put her head on one side and raised her eyebrows, doubtfully. At last nodded. Yes, you can write, she permitted. Good, said the Complete Man, and picked up his wide hat. She held out her hand to him with stateliness, and with a formal gallantry he kissed it. He was just closing the front door behind him, when he remembered something. He turned round. I say, he called after the retreating pink kimono. Its rather absurd. But how can I write? I dont know your name. I cant just address it Rosie The great lady laughed delightedly. This had the real capriccio flavour. Wait, she said, and she ran into the sitting-room. She was back again in a moment with an oblong of pasteboard. There, she said, and dropped 139 it into his great-coat pocket. Then blowing a kiss she was gone. The Complete Man closed the door and descended the stairs. Well, well, he said to himself; well, well. He put his hand in his coat pocket and took out the card. In the dim light of the staircase he read the name on it with some difficulty. Mrs. Jamesbut no, but no. He read again, straining his eyes; there was no question of it. Mrs. James Shearwater. Mrs. James Shearwater. That was why he had vaguely known the name of Bloxam Gardens. Mrs. James Shear. Step after step he descended, ponderously. Good Lord, he said out loud. Good Lord. But why had he never seen her? Why did Shearwater never produce her? Now he came to think of it, he hardly ever spoke of her. Why had she said the flat wasnt theirs? It was; he had heard Shearwater talk about it. Did she make a habit of this sort of thing! Could Shearwater be wholly unaware of what she was really like? But, for that matter, what was she really like? He was half-way down the last flight, when with a rattle and a squeak of hinges the door of the house, which was only separated by a short lobby from the foot of the stairs, opened, revealing, on the doorstep, Shearwater and a friend, eagerly talking. ... I take my rabbit, the friend was sayinghe was a young man with dark, protruding eyes, and staring, doggy nostrils; very eager, lively and loud. I take my rabbit 140 and I inject into it the solution of eyes, pulped eyes of another dead rabbit. You see? Gumbrils first instinct was to rush up the stairs and hide in the first likely-looking corner. But he pulled himself together at once. He was a Complete Man, and Complete Men do not hide; moreover, he was sufficiently disguised to be quite unrecognizable. He stood where he was, and listened to the conversation. The rabbit, continued the young man, and with his bright eyes and staring, sniffing nose, he looked like a poachers terrier ready to go barking after the first white tail that passed his way; the rabbit naturally develops the appropriate resistance, develops a specific anti-eye to protect itself. I then take some of its anti-eye serum and inject it into my female rabbit; I then immediately breed from her. He paused. Well? asked Shearwater, in his slow, ponderous way. He lifted his great round head inquiringly and looked at the doggy young man from under his bushy eyebrows. The doggy young man smiled triumphantly. The young ones, he said, emphasizing his words by striking his right fist against the extended palm of his left hand, the young ones are born with defective sight. Thoughtfully Shearwater pulled at his formidable moustache. Hm, he said slowly. Very remarkable. You realize the full significance of it? asked the young man. We seem to be effecting the germ-plasm directly. We have found a way of making acquired characteristics.... Pardon me, said Gumbril. He had decided that it was time to be gone. He ran down the stairs and across the tiled hall, he pushed his way firmly but politely between the talkers. 141 ... heritable, continued the young man, imperturbably eager, speaking through and over and round the obstacle. Damn! said Shearwater. The Complete Man had trodden on his toe. Sorry, he added, absent-mindedly apologizing for the injury he had received. Gumbril hurried off along the street. If we really have found out a technique for influencing the germ-plasm directly ... he heard the doggy young man saying; but he was already too far away to catch the rest of the sentence. There are many ways, he reflected, of spending an afternoon. The doggy young man refused to come in, he had to get in his game of tennis before dinner. Shearwater climbed the stairs alone. He was taking off his hat in the little hall of his own apartment, when Rosie came out of the sitting-room with a trayful of tea-things. Well? he asked, kissing her affectionately on the forehead. Well? People to tea? Only one, Rosie replied. Ill go and make you a fresh cup. She glided off, rustling in her pink kimono towards the kitchen. Shearwater sat down in the sitting-room. He had brought home with him from the library the fifteenth volume of the Biochemical Journal . There was something in it he wanted to look up. He turned over the pages. Ah, here it was. He began reading. Rosie came back again. Heres your tea, she said. He thanked her without looking up. The tea grew cold on the little table at his side. 142 Lying on the sofa, Rosie pondered and remembered. Had the events of the afternoon, she asked herself, really happened? They seemed very improbable and remote, now, in this studious silence. She couldnt help feeling a little disappointed. Was it only this? So simple and obvious? She tried to work herself up into a more exalted mood. She even tried to feel guilty; but there she failed completely. She tried to feel rapturous; but without much more success. Still, he certainly had been a most extraordinary man. Such impudence, and at the same time such delicacy and tact. It was a pity she couldnt afford to change the furniture. She saw now that it wouldnt do at all. She would go and tell Aunt Aggie about the dreadful middle-classness of her Art and Craftiness. She ought to have an Empire chaise longue . Like Madame Récamier. She could see herself lying there, dispensing tea. Like a delicious pink snake. He had called her that. Well, really, now she came to think of it all again, it had been too queer, too queer. Whats a hedonist? she suddenly asked. Shearwater looked up from the Journal of Biochemistry . What? he said. A hedonist. A man who holds that the end of life is pleasure. A conscientious hedonistah, that was good. This tea is cold, Shearwater remarked. You should have drunk it before, she said. The silence renewed and prolonged itself. Rosie was getting much better, Shearwater reflected, as he washed his hands before supper, about not interrupting 143 him when he was busy. This evening she had really not disturbed him at all, or at most only once, and that not seriously. There had been times in the past when the child had really made life almost impossible. There were those months at the beginning of their married life, when she had thought she would like to study physiology herself and be a help to him. He remembered the hours he had spent trying to teach her elementary facts about the chromosomes. It had been a great relief when she abandoned the attempt. He had suggested she should go in for stencilling patterns on Government linen. Such pretty curtains and things one could make like that. But she hadnt taken very kindly to the idea. There had followed a long period when she seemed to have nothing to do but prevent him from doing anything. Ringing him up at the laboratory, invading his study, sitting on his knee, or throwing her arms round his neck, or pulling his hair, or asking ridiculous questions when he was trying to work. Shearwater flattered himself that he had been extremely patient. He had never got cross. He had just gone on as though she werent there. As though she werent there. Hurry up, he heard her calling. The soups getting cold. Coming, he shouted back, and began to dry his large, blunt hands. She seemed to have been improving lately. And to-night, to-night she had been a model of non-existence. He came striding heavily into the dining-room. Rosie was sitting at the head of the table, ladling out the soup. With her left hand she held back the flowing pink sleeve of her kimono so that it should not trail in the plates or the 144 tureen. Her bare arm showed white and pearly through the steam of lentils. How pretty she was! He could not resist the temptation, but coming up behind her bent down and kissed her, rather clumsily, on the back of her neck. Rosie drew away from him. Really, Jim, she said, disapprovingly. At meal-times! The fastidious lady had to draw the line at these ill-timed, tumbling familiarities. And what about work-times? Shearwater asked laughing. Still, you were wonderful this evening, Rosie, quite wonderful. He sat down and began eating his soup. Not a sound all the time I was reading; or, at any rate, only one sound, so far as I remember. The great lady said nothing, but only smileda little contemptuously and with a touch of pity. She pushed away the plate of soup unfinished and planted her elbows on the table. Slipping her hands under the sleeves of her kimono, she began, lightly, delicately, with the tips of her fingers, to caress her own arms. How smooth they were, how soft and warm and how secret under the sleeves. And all her body was as smooth and warm, was as soft and secret, still more secret beneath the pink folds. Like a warm serpent hidden away, secretly, secretly. 145 CHAPTER X Mr. Boldero liked the idea of the Patent Small-Clothes. He liked it immensely, he said, immensely. Theres money in it, he said. Mr. Boldero was a small dark man of about forty-five, active as a bird and with a birds brown, beady eyes, a birds sharp nose. He was always busy, always had twenty different irons in the fire at once, was always fresh, clearheaded, never tired. He was also always unpunctual, always untidy. He had no sense of time or of order. But he got away with it, as he liked to say. He delivered the goodsor rather the goods, in the convenient form of cash, delivered themselves, almost miraculously it always seemed, to him. He was like a bird in appearance. But in mind, Gumbril found, after having seen him once or twice, he was like a caterpillar he ate all that was put before him, he consumed a hundred times his own mental weight every day. Other peoples ideas, other peoples knowledgethey were his food. He devoured them and they were at once his own. All that belonged to other people he annexed without a scruple or a second thought, quite naturally, as though it were already his own. And he absorbed it so rapidly and completely, he laid public claim to it so promptly that he sometimes deceived people into believing that he had really anticipated them in their ideas, that he had 146 known for years and years the things they had just been telling him, and which he would at once airily repeat to them with the perfect assurance of one who knowsknows by instinct, as it were, by inheritance. At their first luncheon he had asked Gumbril to tell him all about modern painting. Gumbril had given him a brief lecture; before the savoury had appeared on the table, Mr. Boldero was talking with perfect familiarity of Picasso and Derain. He almost made it understood that he had a fine collection of their works in his drawing-room at home. Being a trifle deaf, however, he was not very good at names, and Gumbrils all-too-tactful corrections were lost on him. He could not be induced to abandon his Bacosso in favour of any other version of the Spaniards name. Bacossowhy, he had known all about Bacosso since he was a schoolboy! Bacosso was an old master, already. Mr. Boldero was very severe with the waiters and knew so well how things ought to be done at a good restaurant, that Gumbril felt sure he must recently have lunched with some meticulous gormandizer of the old school. And when the waiter made as though to serve them with brandy in small glasses, Mr. Boldero was so passionately indignant that he sent for the manager. Do you mean to tell me, he shouted in a perfect frenzy of righteous anger, that you dont yet know how brandy ought to be drunk? Perhaps it was only last week that he himself, Gumbril reflected, had learned to aerate his cognac in Gargantuan beakers. Meanwhile, of course, the Patent Small-Clothes were not neglected. As soon as he had been told about the 147 things, Mr. Boldero began speaking of them with a perfect and practised familiarity. They were already his, mentally his. And it was only Mr. Bolderos generosity that prevented him from making the Small-Clothes more effectively his own. If it werent for the friendship and respect which I feel for your father, Mr. Gumbril, he said, twinkling genially over the brandy, Id just annex your Small-Clothes. Bag and baggage. Just annex them. Ah, but theyre my patent, said Gumbril. Or at least theyre in process of being patented. The agents are at work. Mr. Boldero laughed. Do you suppose that would trouble me if I wanted to be unscrupulous? Id just take the idea and manufacture the article. Youd bring an action. Id have it defended with all the professional erudition that could be brought. Youd find yourself let in for a case that might cost thousands. And how would you pay for it? Youd be forced to come to an agreement out of court, Mr. Gumbril. Thats what youd have to do. And a damned bad agreement it would be for you, I can tell you. Mr. Boldero laughed very cheerfully at the thought of the badness of this agreement. But dont be alarmed, he said. I shant do it, you know. Gumbril was not wholly reassured. Tactfully, he tried to find out what terms Mr. Boldero was prepared to offer. Mr. Boldero was nebulously vague. They met again in Gumbrils rooms. The contemporary drawings on the walls reminded Mr. Boldero that he was now an art expert. He told Gumbril all about itin Gumbrils own words. Every now and then, it was true, Mr. Boldero made a little slip. Bacosso, for example, 148 remained unshakably Bacosso. But on the whole the performance was most impressive. It made Gumbril feel very uncomfortable, however, while it lasted. For he recognized in this characteristic of Mr. Boldero a horrible caricature of himself. He too was an assimilator; more discriminating, no doubt, more tactful, knowing better than Mr. Boldero how to turn the assimilated experience into something new and truly his own; but still a caterpillar, definitely a caterpillar. He began studying Mr. Boldero with a close and disgustful attention, as one might pore over some repulsive memento mori . It was a relief when Mr. Boldero stopped talking art and consented to get down to business. Gumbril was wearing for the occasion the sample pair of Small-Clothes which Mr. Bojanus had made for him. For Mr. Bolderos benefit he put them, so to speak, through their paces. He allowed himself to drop with a bump on to the floorarriving there bruiseless and unjarred. He sat in complete comfort for minutes at a stretch on the edge of the ornamental iron fender. In the intervals he paraded up and down before Mr. Boldero like a mannequin. A trifle bulgy, said Mr. Boldero. But still.... He was, taking it all round, favourably impressed. It was time, he said, to begin thinking of details. They would have to begin by making experiments with the bladders to discover a model combining, as Mr. Boldero put it, maximum efficiency with minimum bulge. When they had found the right thing, they would have it made in suitable quantities by any good rubber firm. As for the trousers themselves, they could rely for those on sweated female labour in the East End. Cheap and good, said Mr. Boldero. It sounds ideal, said Gumbril. 149 And then, said Mr. Boldero, theres our advertising campaign. On that I may say, he went on with a certain solemnity, will depend the failure or success of our enterprise. I consider it of the first importance. Quite, said Gumbril, nodding importantly and with intelligence. We must set to work, said Mr. Boldero, scientifically. Gumbril nodded again. We have to appeal, Mr. Boldero went on so glibly that Gumbril felt sure he must be quoting somebody elses words, to the great instincts and feelings of humanity.... They are the sources of action. They spend the money, if I may put it like that. Thats all very well, said Gumbril. But how do you propose to appeal to the most important of the instincts? I refer, as you may well imagine, to sex. I was just going to come to that, said Mr. Boldero, raising his hand as though to ask for a patient hearing. Alas! we cant. I dont see any way of hanging our Small-Clothes on the sexual peg. Then we are undone, said Gumbril, too dramatically. No, no. Mr. Boldero was reassuring. You make the error of the Viennese. You exaggerate the importance of sex. After all, my dear Mr. Gumbril, there is also the instinct of self-preservation; there is also, he leaned forward, wagging his finger, the social instinct, the instinct of the herd. True. Both of them as powerful as sex. What are the Professors famous Censors but forbidding suggestions from the herd without, made powerful and entrenched by the social instinct within? 150 Gumbril had no answer; Mr. Boldero continued, smiling So that we shall be all right if we stick to self-preservation and the herd. Rub in the comfort and the utility, the hygienic virtues of our Small-Clothes; that will catch their self-preservatory feelings. Aim at their dread of public opinion, at their ambition to be one better than their fellows and their terror of being differentat all the ludicrous weaknesses a well-developed social instinct exposes them to. We shall get them, if we set to work scientifically. Mr. Bolderos bird-like eyes twinkled very brightly. We shall get them, he repeated, and he laughed a happy little laugh, full of such a childlike diabolism, such an innocent gay malignity that it seemed as though a little leprechaun had suddenly taken the financiers place in Gumbrils best arm-chair. Gumbril laughed too; for this leprechaunish mirth was infectious. We shall get them, he echoed. Oh, Im sure we shall, if you set about it, Mr. Boldero. Mr. Boldero acknowledged the compliment with a smile that expressed no false humility. It was his due, and he knew it. Ill give you some of my ideas about the advertising campaign, he said. Just to give you a notion. You can think them over, quietly, and make suggestions. Yes, yes, said Gumbril, nodding. Mr. Boldero cleared his throat. We shall begin, he said, by making the most simple elementary appeal to their instinct of self-preservation we shall point out that the Patent Small-Clothes are comfortable; that to wear them is to avoid pain. A few striking slogans about comfortthats all we want. Very simple indeed. It doesnt take much to persuade a man that its pleasanter to sit on air 151 than on wood. But while were on the subject of hard seats we shall have to glide off subtly at a tangent to make a flank attack on the social instincts. And joining the tip of his forefinger to the tip of his thumb, Mr. Boldero moved his hand delicately sideways, as though he were sliding it along a smooth brass rail. We shall have to speak about the glories and the trials of sedentary labour. We must exalt its spiritual dignity and at the same time condemn its physical discomforts. The seat of honour, dont you know. We could talk about that. The Seats of the Mighty. The seat that rules the office rocks the world. All those lines might be made something of. And then we could have little historical chats about thrones; how dignified, but how uncomfortable theyve been. We must make the bank clerk and the civil servant feel proud of being what they are and at the same time feel ashamed that, being such splendid people, they should have to submit to the indignity of having blistered hind-quarters. In modern advertising you must flatter your publicnot in the oily, abject, tradesmanlike style of the old advertisers, crawling before clients who were their social superiors; thats all over now. Its we who are the social superiorsbecause weve got more money than the bank clerks and the civil servants. Our modern flattery must be manly, straightforward, sincere, the admiration of equal for equalall the more flattering as we arent equals. Mr. Boldero laid a finger to his nose. Theyre dirt and were capitalists.... He laughed. Gumbril laughed too. It was the first time that he had ever thought of himself as a capitalist, and the thought was exhilarating. We flatter them, went on Mr. Boldero. We say 152 that honest work is glorious and ennoblingwhich it isnt; its merely dull and cretinizing. And then we go on to suggest that it would be finer still, more ennobling, because less uncomfortable, if they wore Gumbrils Patent Small-Clothes. You see the line? Gumbril saw the line. After that, said Mr. Boldero, we get on to the medical side of the matter. The medical side, Mr. Gumbrilthats most important. Nobody feels really well nowadaysat any rate, nobody who lives in a big town and does the kind of loathsome work that the people were catering for does. Keeping this fact before our eyes, we have to make it clear that only those can expect to be healthy who wear pneumatic trousers. That will be a little difficult, wont it? questioned Gumbril. Not a bit of it! Mr. Boldero laughed with an infectious confidence. All we have to do is to talk about the great nerve centres of the spine the shocks they get when you sit down too hard; the wearing exhaustion to which long-protracted sitting on unpadded seats subjects them. Well have to talk very scientifically about the great lumbar gangliaif there are such things, which I really dont pretend to know. Well even talk almost mystically about the ganglia. You know that sort of ganglion philosophy? Mr. Boldero went on parenthetically. Very interesting it is, sometimes, I think. We could put in a lot about the dark, powerful sense-life, sex-life, instinct-life which is controlled by the lumbar ganglion. How important it is that that shouldnt be damaged. That already our modern conditions of civilization tend unduly to develop the intellect and the thoracic ganglia controlling 153 the higher emotions. That were wearing out, growing feeble, losing our balance in consequence. And that the only cureif we are to continue our present mode of civilized lifeis to be found in Gumbrils Patent Small-Clothes. Mr. Boldero brought his hand with an emphatic smack on to the table as he spoke, as he fairly shouted, these last words. Magnificent, said Gumbril, with genuine admiration. This sort of medical and philosophical dope, Mr. Boldero went on, is always very effective, if its properly used. The public to whom we are making our appeal is, of course, almost absolutely ignorant on these, or, indeed, on almost all other subjects. It is therefore very much impressed by the unfamiliar words; particularly if they have such a good juicy sound as the word ganglia. There was a young man of East Anglia, whose loins were a tangle of ganglia, murmured Gumbril, improvisatore . Precisely, said Mr. Boldero. Precisely. You see how juicy it is? Well, as I say, theyre impressed. And theyre also grateful. Theyre grateful to us for having given them a piece of abstruse, unlikely information which they can pass on to their wives, or to such friends as they know dont read the paper in which our advertisement appearscan pass on airily, dont you know, with easy erudition, as though theyd known all about ganglia from their childhood. And theyll feel such a flow of superiority as they hand on the metaphysics and the pathology, that theyll always think of us with affection. Theyll buy our breeks and theyll get other people to buy. Thats why, Mr. Boldero went off again on an instructive tangent, thats why the day of secret patent medicines is really over. Its no good saying you have rediscovered some secret 154 known only, in the past, to the Egyptians. People dont know anything about Egyptology; but they have an inkling that such a science exists. And that if it does exist, its unlikely that patent medicine makers should have found out facts unknown to the professors at the universities. And its much the same even with secrets that dont come from Egypt. People know theres such a thing as medical science and they again feel its improbable that manufacturers should know things ignored by the doctors. The modern democratic advertiser is entirely above-board. He tells you all about it. He explains that the digestive juices acting on bismuth give rise to a disinfectant acid. He points out that lactic ferment gets destroyed before it reaches the large intestine, so that Metchnikoffs cure generally wont work. And he goes on to explain that the only way of getting the ferment there is to mix it with starch and paraffin starch to feed the ferment on, paraffin to prevent the starch being digested before it gets to the intestine. And in consequence, he convinces you that a mixture of starch, paraffin and ferment is the only thing thats any good at all. Consequently you buy it; which you would never have done without the explanation. In the same way, Mr. Gumbril, we mustnt ask people to take our trousers on trust. We must explain scientifically why these trousers will be good for their health. And by means of the ganglia, as Ive pointed out, we can even show that the trousers will be good for their souls and the whole human race at large. And as you probably know, Mr. Gumbril, theres nothing like a spiritual message to make things go. Combine spirituality with practicality and youve fairly got them. Got them, I may say, on toast. And thats what we can do with our trousers; we can put a message 155 into them, a big, spiritual message. Decidedly, he concluded, we shall have to work those ganglia all we can. Ill undertake to do that, said Gumbril, who felt very buoyant and self-assured. Mr. Bolderos hydrogenous conversation had blown him up like a balloon. And Im sure youll do it well, said Mr. Boldero encouragingly. There is no better training for modern commerce than a literary education. As a practical business man, I always uphold the ancient universities, especially in their teaching of the Humanities. Gumbril was much flattered. At the moment, it seemed supremely satisfying to be told that he was likely to make a good business man. The business man took on a radiance, began to glow, as it were, with a phosphorescent splendour. Then its very important, continued Mr. Boldero, to play on their snobbism; to exploit that painful sense of inferiority which the ignorant and ingenuous always feel in the presence of the knowing. Weve got to make our trousers the Thingsocially right as well as merely personally comfortable. Weve got to imply somehow that its bad form not to wear them. Weve got to make those who dont wear them feel rather uncomfortable. Like that film of Charlie Chaplins, where hes the absent-minded young man about town who dresses for dinner immaculately, from the waist upwhite waistcoat, tail coat, stiff shirt, top-hatand only discovers, when he gets down into the hall of the hotel, that hes forgotten to put on his trousers. Weve got to make them feel like that. Thats always very successful. You know those excellent American advertisements about young ladies whose engagements are broken off because they perspire too freely or have an unpleasant breath? How horribly uncomfortable those 156 make you feel! Weve got to do something of the same sort for our trousers. Or more immediately applicable would be those tailors advertisements about correct clothes. Good clothes make you feel good. You know the sort of line. And then those grave warning sentences in which youre told that a correctly cut suit may make the difference between an appointment gained and an appointment lost, an interview granted and an interview refused. But the most masterly examples I can think of, Mr. Boldero went on with growing enthusiasm, are those American advertisements of spectacles, in which the manufacturers first assume the existence of a social law about goggles, and then proceed to invoke all the sanctions which fall on the head of the committer of a solecism upon those who break it. Its masterly. For sport or relaxation, they tell you, as though it was a social axiom, you must wear spectacles of pure tortoiseshell. For business, tortoiseshell rims and nickel ear-pieces lend incisive poiseincisive poise, we must remember that for our ads, Mr. Gumbril. Gumbrils Patent Small-Clothes lend incisive poise to business men. For semi-evening dress, shell rims with gold ear-pieces and gold nose-bridge. And for full dress, gold-mounted rimless pince-nez are refinement itself, and absolutely correct. Thus we see, a social law has been created, according to which every self-respecting myope or astigmat must have four distinct pairs of glasses. Think if he should wear the all-shell sports model with full dress! Revolting solecism! The people who read advertisements like that begin to feel uncomfortable; they have only one pair of glasses, they are afraid of being laughed at, thought low-class and ignorant and suburban. And since there are few who would not rather be taken in adultery than in provincialism, they rush 157 out to buy four new pairs of spectacles. And the manufacturer gets rich, Mr. Gumbril. Now, we must do something of the kind with our trousers. Imply somehow that theyre correct, that youre undressed without, that youre fiancée would break off the engagement if she saw you sitting down to dinner on anything but air. Mr. Boldero shrugged his shoulders, vaguely waved his hand. It may be rather difficult, said Gumbril, shaking his head. It may, Mr. Boldero agreed. But difficulties are made to be overcome. We must pull the string of snobbery and shame its essential. We must find out methods for bringing the weight of public opinion to bear mockingly on those who do not wear our trousers. It is difficult at the moment to see how it can be done. But it will have to be done, it will have to be done, Mr. Boldero repeated emphatically. We might even find a way of invoking patriotism to our aid. English trousers filled with English air, for English men. A little far-fetched, perhaps. But there might be something in it. Gumbril shook his head doubtfully. Well, its one of the things weve got to think about in any case, said Mr. Boldero. We cant afford to neglect such powerful social emotions as these. Sex, as weve seen, is almost entirely out of the question. We must run the rest, therefore, as hard as we can. For instance, theres the novelty business. People feel superior if they possess something new which their neighbours havent got. The mere fact of newness is an intoxication. We must encourage that sense of superiority, brew up that intoxication. The most absurd and futile objects can be sold because theyre new. Not long ago I sold four million patent soap-dishes 158 of a new and peculiar kind. The point was that you didnt screw the fixture into the bathroom wall; you made a hole in the wall and built the soap-dish into a niche, like a holy water stoup. My soap-dishes possessed no advantages over other kinds of soap-dishes, and they cost a fantastic amount to instal. But I managed to put them across, simply because they were new. Four million of them. Mr. Boldero smiled with satisfaction at the recollection. We shall do the same, I hope, with our trousers. People may be shy of being the first to appear in them; but the shyness will be compensated for by the sense of superiority and elation produced by the consciousness of the newness of the things. Quite so, said Gumbril. And then, of course, theres the economy slogan. One pair of Gumbrils Patent Small-Clothes will outlast six pairs of ordinary trousers. Thats easy enough. So easy that its really uninteresting. Mr. Boldero waved it away. We shall have to have pictures, said Gumbril, parenthetically. He had an idea. Oh, of course. I believe I know of the very man to do them, Gumbril went on. His names Lypiatt. A painter. Youve probably heard of him. Heard of him! exclaimed Mr. Boldero. He laughed. But who hasnt heard of Lydgate. Lypiatt. Lypgate, I mean, of course. I think hed be the very man, said Gumbril. Im certain he would, said Mr. Boldero, not a whit behind-hand. Gumbril was pleased with himself. He felt he had done 159 some one a good turn. Poor old Lypiatt; be glad of the money. Gumbril remembered also his own fiver. And remembering his own fiver, he also remembered that Mr. Boldero had as yet made no concrete suggestion about terms. He nerved himself at last to suggest to Mr. Boldero that it was time to think of this little matter. Ah, how he hated talking about money! He found it so hard to be firm in asserting his rights. He was ashamed of showing himself grasping. He always thought with consideration of the other persons point of viewpoor devil, could he afford to pay? And he was always swindled and always conscious of the fact. Lord, how he hated life on these occasions! Mr. Boldero was still evasive. Ill write you a letter about it, he said at last. Gumbril was delighted. Yes, do, he said enthusiastically, do. He knew how to cope with letters all right. He was a devil with the fountain pen. It was these personal, hand-to-hand combats that he couldnt manage. He could have been, he always felt, such a ruthless critic and satirist, such a violent, unscrupulous polemical writer. And if ever he committed his autobiography to paper, how breath-takingly intimate, how nakednaked without so much as a healthy sunburn to colour the whitenesshow quiveringly a sensitive jelly it would be! All the things he had never told any one would be in it. Confession at long rangeif anything, it would be rather agreeable. Yes, do write me a letter, he repeated. Do. Mr. Bolderos letter came at last, and the proposals it contained were derisory. A hundred pounds down and five pounds a week when the business should be started. Five pounds a weekand for that he was to act as a managing director, writer of advertisements and promoter of foreign 160 sales. Gumbril felt thankful that Mr. Boldero had put the terms in a letter. If they had been offered point-blank across the luncheon table, he would probably have accepted them without a murmur. He wrote a few neat, sharp phrases saying that he could not consider less than five hundred pounds down and a thousand a year. Mr. Bolderos reply was amiable; would Mr. Gumbril come and see him? See him? Well, of course, it was inevitable. He would have to see him again some time. But he would send the Complete Man to deal with the fellow. A Complete Man matched with a leprechaunthere could be no doubt as to the issue.  Dear Mr. Boldero , he wrote back, I should have come to talk over matters before this. But I have been engaged during the last days in growing a beard and until this has come to maturity, I cannot, as you will easily be able to understand, leave the house. By the day after to-morrow, however, I hope to be completely presentable and shall come to see you at your office at about three oclock, if that is convenient to you. I hope we shall be able to arrange matters satisfactorily.Believe me, dear Mr. Boldero, yours very truly, Theodore Gumbril, Jr . The day after to-morrow became in due course to-day; splendidly bearded and Rabelaisianly broad in his whipcord toga, Gumbril presented himself at Mr. Bolderos office in Queen Victoria Street. I should hardly have recognized you, exclaimed Mr. Boldero as he shook hands. How it does alter you, to be sure! Does it? The Complete Man laughed with a significant joviality. 161 Wont you take off your coat? No, thanks, said Gumbril. Ill keep it on. Well, said the leprechaun, leaning back in his chair and twinkling, bird-like, across the table. Well, repeated Gumbril on a different tone from behind the stooks of his corn-like beard. He smiled, feeling serenely strong and safe. Im sorry we should have disagreed, said Mr. Boldero. So am I, the Complete Man replied. But we shant disagree for long, he added, with significance; and as he spoke the words he brought down his fist with such a bang, that the inkpots on Mr. Bolderos very solid mahogany writing-table trembled and the pens danced, while Mr. Boldero himself started with a genuine alarm. He had not expected them. And now he came to look at him more closely, this young Gumbril was a great, hulking, dangerous-looking fellow. He had thought he would be easy to manage. How could he have made such a mistake? Gumbril left the office with Mr. Bolderos cheque for three hundred and fifty pounds in his pocket and an annual income of eight hundred. His bruised right hand was extremely tender to the touch. He was thankful that a single blow had been enough. 162 CHAPTER XI Gumbril had spent the afternoon at Bloxam Gardens. His chin was still sore from the spirit gum with which he had attached to it the symbol of the Complete Man; he was feeling also a little fatigued. Rosie had been delighted to see him; St. Jerome had gone on solemnly communicating all the time. His father had gone out to dine, and Gumbril had eaten his rump steak and drunk his bottle of stout alone. He was sitting now in front of the open French windows which led from his fathers workroom on to the balcony, with a block on his knee and a fountain-pen in his hand, composing advertisements for the Patent Small-Clothes. Outside, in the plane trees of the square, the birds had gone through their nightly performance. But Gumbril had paid no attention to them. He sat there, smoking, sometimes writing a word or twosunk in the quagmire of his own drowsy and comfortable body. The flawless weather of the day had darkened into a blue May evening. It was agreeable merely to be alive. He sketched out two or three advertisements in the grand idealistic transatlantic style. He imagined one in particular with a picture of Nelson at the head of the page and England expects ... printed large beneath it. England ... Duty ... these are solemn words. That was how it would begin. These are solemn words, and we use them solemnly as men who realize what Duty is, and who do 163 all that in them lies to perform it as Englishmen should. The Manufacturers is a sacred trust. The guide and ruler of the modern world, he has, like the Monarch of other days, responsibilities towards his people; he has a Duty to fulfil. He rules, but he must also serve. We realize our responsibilities, we take them seriously. Gumbrils Patent Small-Clothes have been brought into the world that they may serve. Our Duty towards you is a Duty of Service. Our proud boast is that we perform it. But besides his Duty towards Others, every man has a duty towards Himself. What is that Duty? It is to keep himself in the highest possible state of physical and spiritual fitness. Gumbrils Patent Small-Clothes protect the lumbar ganglia.... After that it would be plain medical and mystical sailing. As soon as he got to the ganglia, Gumbril stopped writing. He put down the block, sheathed his pen, and abandoned himself to the pleasures of pure idleness. He sat, he smoked his cigar. In the basement, two floors down, the cook and the house-parlourmaid were readingone the Daily Mirror , the other the Daily Sketch . For them, Her Majesty the Queen spoke kindly words to crippled female orphans; the jockeys tumbled at the jumps; Cupid was busy in Society, and the murderers who had disembowelled their mistresses were at large. Above him was the city of models, was a bedroom, a servants bedroom, an attic of tanks and ancient dirt, the roof and, after that, two or three hundred light-years away, a star of the fourth magnitude. On the other side of the party-wall on his right, a teeming family of Jews led their dark, compact, Jewish lives with a prodigious intensity. At this moment they were all passionately quarrelling. Beyond the wall on the left lived the young journalist and his wife. To-night it was he who had 164 cooked the supper. The young wife lay on the sofa, feeling horribly sick; she was going to have a baby, there could be no doubt about it now. They had meant not to have one; it was horrible. And, outside, the birds were sleeping in the trees, the invading children from the slum tumbled and squealed. Ships meanwhile were walloping across the Atlantic freighted with more cigars. Rosie at this moment was probably mending Shearwaters socks. Gumbril sat and smoked, and the universe arranged itself in a pattern about him, like iron filings round a magnet. The door opened, and the house-parlourmaid intruded Shearwater upon his lazy felicity, abruptly, in her unceremonious old way, and hurried back to the Daily Sketch . Shearwater! This is very agreeable, said Gumbril. Come and sit down. He pointed to a chair. Clumsily, filling the space that two ordinary men would occupy, Shearwater came zigzagging and lurching across the room, bumped against the work-table and the sofa as he passed, and finally sat down in the indicated chair. It suddenly occurred to Gumbril that this was Rosies husband he had not thought of that before. Could it be in the marital capacity that he presented himself so unexpectedly now? After this afternoon.... He had come home; Rosie had confessed all.... Ah! but then she didnt know who he was. He smiled to himself at the thought. What a joke! Perhaps Shearwater had come to complain to him of the unknown Complete Manto him! It was delightful. Anonthe author of all those ballads in the Oxford Book of English Verse  the famous Italian painterIgnoto. Gumbril was quite disappointed when his visitor began to talk of other themes than Rosie. Sunk in the quagmire of his own comfortable guts, he felt 165 good-humouredly obscene. The dramatic scabrousness of the situation would have charmed him in his present mood. Good old Shearwaterbut what an ox of a man! If he, Gumbril, took the trouble to marry a wife, he would at least take some interest in her. Shearwater had begun to talk in general terms about life. What could he be getting at, Gumbril wondered? What particulars were ambushed behind these generalizations? There were silences. Shearwater looked, he thought, very gloomy. Under his thick moustache the small, pouting, babyish mouth did not smile. The candid eyes had a puzzled, tired expression in them. People are queer, he said after one of his silences. Very queer. One has no idea how queer they are. Gumbril laughed. But I have a very clear idea of their queerness, he said. Every ones queer, and the ordinary, respectable, bourgeois people are the queerest of the lot. How do they manage to live like that? Its astonishing. When I think of all my aunts and uncles.... He shook his head. Perhaps its because Im rather incurious, said Shearwater. One ought to be curious, I think. Ive come to feel lately that Ive not been curious enough about people. The particulars began to peep, alive and individual, out of the vagueness, like rabbits; Gumbril saw them in his fancy, at the fringe of a wood. Quite, he said encouragingly. Quite. I think too much of my work, Shearwater went on, frowning. Too much physiology. Theres also psychology. Peoples minds as well as their bodies.... One shouldnt be limited. Not too much, at any rate. Peoples minds.... He was silent for a moment. I 166 can imagine, he went on at last, as in the tone of one who puts a very hypothetical case, I can imagine ones getting so much absorbed in somebody elses psychology that one could really think of nothing else. The rabbits seemed ready to come out into the open. Thats a process, said Gumbril, with middle-aged jocularity, speaking out of his private warm morass, thats commonly called falling in love. There was another silence. Shearwater broke it to begin talking about Mrs. Viveash. He had lunched with her three or four days running. He wanted Gumbril to tell him what she was really like. She seems to me a very extraordinary woman, he said. Like everybody else, said Gumbril irritatingly. It amused him to see the rabbits scampering about at last. Ive never known a woman like that before. Gumbril laughed. Youd say that of any woman you happened to be interested in, he said. Youve never known any women at all. He knew much more about Rosie, already, than Shearwater did, or probably ever would. Shearwater meditated. He thought of Mrs. Viveash, her cool, pale, critical eyes; her laughter, faint and mocking; her words that pierced into the mind, goading it into thinking unprecedented thoughts. She interests me, he repeated. I want you to tell me what shes really like. He emphasized the word really, as though there must, in the nature of things, be a vast difference between the apparent and the real Mrs. Viveash. Most lovers, Gumbril reflected, picture to themselves, in their mistresses, a secret reality, beyond and different from what they see every day. They are in love with somebody elsetheir own invention. And sometimes there is a secret 167 reality; and sometimes reality and appearance are the same. The discovery, in either case, is likely to cause a shock. I dont know, he said. How should I know? You must find out for yourself. But you knew her, you know her well, said Shearwater, almost with anxiety in his voice. Not so well as all that. Shearwater sighed profoundly, like a whale in the night. He felt restless, incapable of concentrating. His mind was full of a horrible confusion. A violent eruptive bubbling up from below had shaken its calm clarity to pieces. All this absurd business of passionhe had always thought it nonsense, unnecessary. With a little strength of will one could shut it out. Womenonly for half an hour out of the twenty-four. But she had laughed, and his quiet, his security had vanished. I can imagine, he had said to her yesterday, I can imagine myself giving up everything, work and all, to go running round after you. And do you suppose I should enjoy that? Mrs. Viveash had asked. It would be ridiculous, he said, it would be almost shameful. And she had thanked him for the compliment. And at the same time, he went on, I feel that it might be worth it. It might be the only thing. His mind was confused, full of new thoughts. Its difficult, he said after a pause, arranging things. Very difficult. I thought I had arranged them so well.... I never arrange anything, said Gumbril, very much the practical philosopher. I take things as they come. And as he spoke the words, suddenly he became rather disgusted with himself. He shook himself; he climbed up out of his own morass. It would be better, perhaps, if I arranged things more, he added. 168 Render therefore unto Cæsar the things which are Cæsars, said Shearwater, as though to himself; and to God, and to sex, and to work.... There must be a working arrangement. He sighed again. Everything in proportion. In proportion, he repeated, as though the word were magical and had power. In proportion. Whos talking about proportion? They turned round. In the doorway Gumbril Senior was standing, smoothing his ruffled hair and tugging at his beard. His eyes twinkled cheerfully behind his spectacles. Poaching on my architectural ground? he said. This is Shearwater, Gumbril Junior put in, and explained who he was. The old gentleman sat down. Proportion, he saidI was just thinking about it, now, as I was walking back. You cant help thinking about it in these London streets, where it doesnt exist. You cant help pining for it. There are some streets ... oh, my God! And Gumbril Senior threw up his hands in horror. Its like listening to a symphony of cats to walk along them. Senseless discords and a horrible disorder all the way. And the one street that was really like a symphony by Mozarthow busily and gleefully theyre pulling it down now! Another year and therell be nothing left of Regent Street. Therell only be a jumble of huge, hideous buildings at three-quarters of a million apiece. A concert of Brobdingnagian cats. Order has been turned into a disgusting chaos. We need no barbarians from outside; theyre on the premises, all the time. The old man paused and pulled his beard meditatively. Gumbril Junior sat in silence, smoking; and in silence 169 Shearwater revolved within the walls of his great round head his agonizing thoughts of Mrs. Viveash. It has always struck me as very curious, Gumbril Senior went on, that people are so little affected by the vile and discordant architecture around them. Suppose, now, that all these brass bands of unemployed ex-soldiers that blow so mournfully at all the street corners were suddenly to play nothing but a series of senseless and devilish discordswhy, the first policeman would move them on, and the second would put them under arrest, and the passers-by would try to lynch them on their way to the police station. There would be a real spontaneous outcry of indignation. But when at these same street corners the contractors run up enormous palaces of steel and stone that are every bit as stupid and ignoble and inharmonious as ten brass bandsmen each playing a different tune in a different key, there is no outcry. The police dont arrest the architect; the passing pedestrians dont throw stones at the workmen. They dont notice that anythings wrong. Its odd, said Gumbril Senior. Its very odd. Very odd, Gumbril Junior echoed. The fact is, I suppose, Gumbril Senior went on, smiling with a certain air of personal triumph, the fact is that architecture is a more difficult and intellectual art than music. Musicthats just a faculty youre born with, as you might be born with a snub nose. But the sense of plastic beautythough thats, of course, also an inborn facultyis something that has to be developed and intellectually ripened. Its an affair of the mind; experience and thought have to draw it out. There are infant prodigies in music; but there are no infant prodigies in architecture. Gumbril Senior chuckled with a real satisfaction. 170 A man can be an excellent musician and a perfect imbecile. But a good architect must also be a man of sense, a man who knows how to think and to profit by experience. Now, as almost none of the people who pass along the streets in London, or any other city of the world, do know how to think or to profit by experience, it follows that they cannot appreciate architecture. The innate faculty is strong enough in them to make them dislike discord in music; but they havent the wits to develop that other innate facultythe sense of plastic beautywhich would enable them to see and disapprove of the same barbarism in architecture. Come with me, Gumbril Senior added, getting up from his chair, and Ill show you something that will illustrate what Ive been saying. Something youll enjoy, too. Nobodys seen it yet, he said mysteriously as he led the way upstairs. Its only just finishedafter months and years. Itll cause a stir when they see itwhen I let them see it, if ever I do, that is. The dirty devils! Gumbril Senior added good-humouredly. On the landing of the next floor he paused, felt in his pocket, took out a key and unlocked the door of what should have been the second best bedroom. Gumbril Junior wondered, without very much curiosity, what the new toy would turn out to be. Shearwater wondered only how he could possess Mrs. Viveash. Come on, called Gumbril Senior from inside the room. He turned on the light. They entered. It was a big room; but almost the whole of the floor was covered by an enormous model, twenty feet long by ten or twelve wide, of a complete city traversed from end to end by a winding river and dominated at its central point by a great dome. Gumbril Junior looked at it with surprise 171 and pleasure. Even Shearwater was roused from his bitter ruminations of desire to look at the charming city spread out at his feet. Its exquisite, said Gumbril Junior. What is it? The capital of Utopia, or what? Delighted, Gumbril Senior laughed. Dont you see something rather familiar in the dome? he asked. Well, I had thought ... Gumbril Junior hesitated, afraid that he might be going to say something stupid. He bent down to look more closely at the dome. I had thought it looked rather like St. Paulsand now I see that it is St. Pauls. Quite right, said his father. And this is London. I wish it were, Gumbril Junior laughed. Its London as it might have been if theyd allowed Wren to carry out his plans of rebuilding after the Great Fire. And why didnt they allow him to? Shearwater asked. Chiefly, said Gumbril Senior, because, as Ive said before, they didnt know how to think or profit by experience. Wren offered them open spaces and broad streets; he offered them sunlight and air and cleanliness; he offered them beauty, order and grandeur. He offered to build for the imagination and the ambitious spirit of man, so that even the most bestial, vaguely and remotely, as they walked those streets, might feel that they were of the same raceor very nearlyas Michelangelo; that they too might feel themselves, in spirit at least, magnificent, strong and free. He offered them all these things; he drew a plan for them, walking in peril among the still smouldering ruins. But they preferred to re-erect the old intricate squalor; they 172 preferred the mediæval darkness and crookedness and beastly irregular quaintness; they preferred holes and crannies and winding tunnels; they preferred foul smells, sunless, stagnant air, phthisis and rickets; they preferred ugliness and pettiness and dirt; they preferred the wretched human scale, the scale of the sickly body, not of the mind. Miserable fools! But I suppose, the old man continued, shaking his head, we cant blame them. His hair had blown loose from its insecure anchorage; with a gesture of resignation he brushed it back into place. We cant blame them. We should have done the same in the circumstancesundoubtedly. People offer us reason and beauty; but we will have none of them, because they dont happen to square with the notions that were grafted into our souls in youth, that have grown there and become a part of us. Experientia docet nothing falser, so far as most of us are concerned, was ever said. You, no doubt, my dear Theodore, have often in the past made a fool of yourself with women.... Gumbril Junior made an embarrassed gesture that half denied, half admitted the soft impeachment. Shearwater turned away, painfully reminded of what, for a moment, he had half forgotten. Gumbril Senior swept on. Will that prevent you from making as great a fool of yourself again to-morrow? It will not. It will most assuredly not. Gumbril Senior shook his head. The inconveniences and horrors of the pox are perfectly well known to every one; but still the disease flourishes and spreads. Several million people were killed in a recent war and half the world ruined; but we all busily go on in courses that make another event of the same sort inevitable. Experientia docet? Experientia doesnt. And that is 173 why we must not be too hard on these honest citizens of London who, fully appreciating the inconveniences of darkness, disorder and dirt, manfully resisted any attempt to alter conditions which they had been taught from childhood onwards to consider as necessary, right and belonging inevitably to the order of things. We must not be too hard. We are doing something even worse ourselves. Knowing by a century of experience how beautiful, how graceful, how soothing to the mind is an ordered piece of town-planning, we pull down almost the only specimen of it we possess and put up in its place a chaos of Portland stone that is an offence against civilization. But let us forget about these old citizens and the labyrinth of ugliness and inconvenience which we have inherited from them, and which is called London. Let us forget the contemporaries who are making it still worse than it was. Come for a walk with me through this ideal city. Look. And Gumbril Senior began expounding it to them. In the middle, there, of that great elliptical Piazza at the eastern end of the new City, stands, four-square, the Royal Exchange. Pierced only with small dark windows, and built of rough ashlars of the silvery Portland stone, the ground floor serves as a massy foundation for the huge pilasters that slide up, between base and capital, past three tiers of pedimented windows. Upon them rest the cornice, the attic and the balustrade, and on every pier of the balustrade a statue holds up its symbol against the sky. Four great portals, rich with allegory, admit to the courtyard with its double tier of coupled columns, its cloister and its gallery. The statue of Charles the Martyr rides triumphantly in the midst, and within the windows one 174 guesses the great rooms, rich with heavy garlands of plaster, panelled with carved wood. Ten streets give on to the Piazza, and at either end of its ellipse the water of sumptuous fountains ceaselessly blows aloft and falls. Commerce, in that to the north of the Exchange, holds up her cornucopia, and from the midst of its grapes and apples the master jet leaps up; from the teats of all the ten Useful Arts, grouped with their symbols about the central figure, there spouts a score of fine subsidiary streams. The dolphins, the sea-horses and the Tritons sport in the basin below. To the south, the ten principal cities of the Kingdom stand in a family round the Mother London, who pours from her urn an inexhaustible Thames. Ranged round the Piazza are the Goldsmiths Hall, the Office of Excise, the Mint, the Post Office. Their flanks are curved to the curve of the ellipse. Between pilasters, their windows look out on to the Exchange, and the sister statues on the balustrades beckon to one another across the intervening space. Two master roads of ninety feet from wall to wall run westwards from the Exchange. New Gate ends the more northern vista with an Arch of Triumph, whose three openings are deep, shadowy and solemn as the entries of caverns. The Guildhall and the halls of the twelve City Companies in their livery of rose-red brick, with their lacings of white stone at the coigns and round the windows, lend to the street an air of domestic and comfortable splendour. And every two or three hundred paces the line of the houses is broken, and in the indentation of a square recess there rises, conspicuous and insular, the fantastic tower of a parish church. Spire out of dome; octagon on octagon diminishing 175 upwards; cylinder on cylinder; round lanterns, lanterns of many sides; towers with airy pinnacles; clusters of pillars linked by incurving cornices, and above them, four more clusters and above once more; square towers pierced with pointed windows; spires uplifted on flying buttresses; spires bulbous at the basethe multitude of them beckons, familiar and friendly, on the sky. From the other shore, or sliding along the quiet river, you see them all, you tell over their names; and the great dome swells up in the midst overtopping them all. The dome of St. Pauls. The other master street that goes westward from the Piazza of the Exchange slants down towards it. The houses are of brick, plain-faced and square, arcaded at the base, so that the shops stand back from the street and the pedestrian walks dry-shod under the harmonious succession of the vaultings. And there at the end of the street, at the base of a triangular space formed by the coming together of this with another master street that runs eastwards to Tower Hill, there stands the Cathedral. To the north of it is the Deanery and under the arcades are the booksellers shops. From St. Pauls the main road slopes down under the swaggering Italianate arches of Ludgate, past the wide lime-planted boulevards that run north and south within and without the city wall, to the edge of the Fleet Ditchwidened now into a noble canal, on whose paved banks the barges unload their freights of country stuffleaps it on a single flying arch to climb again to a round circus, a little to the east of Temple Bar, from which, in a pair of diagonally superimposed crosses, eight roads radiate three northwards towards Holborn, three from the opposite arc towards 176 the river, one eastward to the City, and one past Lincolns Inn Fields to the west. The piazza is all of brick and the houses that compose it are continuous above the ground-floor level; for the roads lead out under archways. To one who stands in the centre at the foot of the obelisk that commemorates the victory over the Dutch, it seems a smooth well of brickwork pierced by eight arched conduits at the base and diversified above by the three tiers of plain, unornamented windows. Who shall describe all the fountains in the open places, all the statues and monuments? In the circus north of London Bridge, where the four roads come together, stands a pyramid of nymphs and Tritonsriver goddesses of Polyolbion, sea-gods of the island beachesbathing in a ceaseless tumble of white water. And here the city griffon spouts from its beak, the royal lion from between its jaws. St. George at the foot of the Cathedral rides down a dragon whose nostrils spout, not fire, but the clear water of the New River. In front of the India House, four elephants of black marble, endorsed with towers of white, blow through their upturned trunks the copious symbol of Eastern wealth. In the gardens of the Tower sits Charles the Second, enthroned among a troop of Muses, Cardinal Virtues, Graces and Hours. The tower of the Customs-House is a pharos. A great water-gate, the symbol of naval triumph, spans the Fleet at its junction with the Thames. The river is embanked from Blackfriars to the Tower, and at every twenty paces a grave stone angel looks out from the piers of the balustrade across the water.... Gumbril Senior expounded his city with passion. He pointed to the model on the ground, he lifted his arms and turned up his eyes to suggest the size and splendour of his 177 edifices. His hair blew wispily loose and fell into his eyes, and had to be brushed impatiently back again. He pulled at his beard; his spectacles flashed, as though they were living eyes. Looking at him, Gumbril Junior could imagine that he saw before him the passionate and gesticulating silhouette of one of those old shepherds who stand at the base of Piranesis ruins demonstrating obscurely the prodigious grandeur and the abjection of the human race. 178 CHAPTER XII You? Is it you? She seemed doubtful. Gumbril nodded. Its me, he reassured her. Ive shaved; thats all. He had left his beard in the top right-hand drawer of the chest of drawers, among the ties and the collars. Emily looked at him judicially. I like you better without it, she decided at last. You look nicer. Oh no, I dont mean to say you werent nice before, she hastened to add. Butyou knowgentler She hesitated. Its a silly word, she said, but there it is sweeter. That was the unkindest cut of all. Milder and more melancholy? he suggested. Well, if you like to put it like that, Emily agreed. He took her hand and raised it to his lips. I forgive you, he said. He could forgive her anything for the sake of those candid eyes, anything for the grave, serious mouth, anything for the short brown hair that curledoh, but never seriously, never gravelywith such a hilarious extravagance round her head. He had met her, or rather the Complete Man, flushed with his commercial triumphs as he returned from his victory over Mr. Boldero, had met her at the National Gallery. Old Masters, young mistresses; Coleman had recommended the National Gallery. He was walking up the Venetian Room, feeling as full of swaggering vitality as the largest composition of Veronese, when he heard, 179 gigglingly whispered just behind him his Open Sesame to new adventure, Beaver. He spun round on his tracks and found himself face to face with two rather startled young women. He frowned ferociously he demanded satisfaction for the impertinence. They were both, he noticed, of gratifyingly pleasing appearance and both extremely young. One of them, the elder it seemed, and the more charming, as he had decided from the first, of the two, was dreadfully taken aback; blushed to the eyes, stammered apologetically. But the other, who had obviously pronounced the word, only laughed. It was she who made easy the forming of an acquaintance which ripened, half an hour later, over the tea-cups and to the strains of the most classy music on the fifth floor of Lyonss Strand Corner House. Their names were Emily and Molly. Emily, it seemed, was married. It was Molly who let that out, and the other had been angry with her for what was evidently an indiscretion. The bald fact that Emily was married had at once been veiled with mysteries, surrounded and protected by silences; whenever the Complete Man asked a question about it, Emily did not answer and Molly only giggled. But if Emily was married and the elder of the two, Molly was decidedly the more knowledgeable about life; Mr. Mercaptan would certainly have set her down as the more civilized. Emily didnt live in London; she didnt seem to live anywhere in particular. At the moment she was staying with Mollys family at Kew. He had seen them the next day, and the day after, and the day after that; once at lunch, to desert them precipitately for his afternoon with Rosie; once at tea in Kew Gardens; once at dinner, with a theatre to follow and an extravagant taxi back to Kew at midnight. The tame 180 decoy allays the fears of the shy wild birds; Molly, who was tame, who was frankly a flirting little wanton, had served the Complete Man as a decoy for the ensnaring of Emily. When Molly went away to stay with friends in the country, Emily was already inured and accustomed to the hunters presence; she accepted the playful attitude of gallantry, which the Complete Man, at the invitation of Mollys rolling eyes and provocative giggle, had adopted from the first, as natural and belonging to the established order of things. With giggling Molly to give her a lead, she had gone in three days much further along the path of intimacy than, by herself, she would have advanced in ten times the number of meetings. It seems funny, she had said the first time they met after Mollys departure, it seems funny to be seeing you without Molly. It seemed funnier with Molly, said the Complete Man. It wasnt Molly I wanted to see. Mollys a very nice, dear girl, she declared loyally. Besides, shes amusing and can talk. And I cant; Im not a bit amusing. It wasnt difficult to retort to that sort of thing; but Emily didnt believe in compliments; oh, quite genuinely not. He set out to make the exploration of her; and now that she was inured to him, no longer too frightened to let him approach, now, moreover, that he had abandoned the jocular insolences of the Complete Man in favour of a more native mildness, which he felt instinctively was more suitable in this particular case, she laid no difficulties in his way. She was lonely, and he seemed to understand everything so well; in the unknown country of her spirit and 181 her history she was soon going eagerly before him as his guide. She was an orphan. Her mother she hardly remembered. Her father had died of influenza when she was fifteen. One of his business friends used to come and see her at school, take her out for treats and give her chocolates. She used to call him Uncle Stanley. He was a leather merchant, fat and jolly with a rather red face, very white teeth and a bald head that was beautifully shiny. When she was seventeen and a half he asked her to marry him, and she had said yes. But why? Gumbril asked. Why on earth? he repeated. He said hed take me round the world; it was just when the war had come to an end. Round the world, you know; and I didnt like school. I didnt know anything about it and he was very nice to me; he was very pressing. I didnt know what marriage meant. Didnt know? She shook her head; it was quite true. But not in the least. And she had been born within the twentieth century. It seemed a case for the text-books of sexual psychology. Mrs. Emily X., born in 1901, was found to be in a state of perfect innocence and ignorance at the time of the Armistice, 11th November 1918, etc. And so you married him? She had nodded. And then? She had covered her face with her hands, she had shuddered. The amateur uncle, now professionally a husband, had come to claim his rightsdrunk. She had fought him, she had eluded him, had run away and locked herself into 182 another room. On the second night of her honeymoon he gave her a bruise on the forehead and a bite on the left breast which had gone on septically festering for weeks. On the fourth, more determined than ever, he seized her so violently by the throat, that a blood-vessel broke and she began coughing bright blood over the bedclothes. The amateur uncle had been reduced to send for a doctor and Emily had spent the next few weeks in a nursing home. That was four years ago; her husband had tried to induce her to come back, but Emily had refused. She had a little money of her own; she was able to refuse. The amateur uncle had consoled himself with other and more docile nieces. And has nobody tried to make love to you since then? he asked. Oh, lots of them have tried. And not succeeded? She shook her head. I dont like men, she said. Theyre hateful, most of them. Theyre brutes.  Anch io?  What? she asked, puzzled. Am I a brute too? And behind his beard, suddenly, he felt rather a brute. No, said Emily, after a little hesitation, youre different. At least I think you are; though sometimes, she added candidly, sometimes you do and say things which make me wonder if you really are different. The Complete Man laughed. Dont laugh like that, she said. Its rather stupid. Youre perfectly right, said Gumbril. It is. And how did she spend her time? He continued the exploration. 183 Well, she read a lot of books; but most of the novels she got from Boots seemed to her rather silly. Too much about the same thing. Always love. The Complete Man gave a shrug. Such is life. Well, it oughtnt to be, said Emily. And then, when she was in the countryand she was often in the country, taking lodgings here and there in little villages, weeks and months at a timeshe went for long walks. Molly couldnt understand why she liked the country; but she did. She was very fond of flowers. She liked them more than people, she thought. I wish I could paint, she said. If I could, Id be happy for ever, just painting flowers. But I cant paint. She shook her head. Ive tried so often. Such dirty, ugly smudges come out on the paper; and its all so lovely in my head, so lovely out in the fields. Gumbril began talking with erudition about the flora of West Surrey where you could find butterfly orchis and green man and the bee, the wood where there was actually wild columbine growing, the best localities for butchers broom, the outcrops of clay where you get wild daffodils. All this odd knowledge came spouting up into his mind from some underground source of memory. Flowershe never thought about flowers nowadays from one years end to the other. But his mother had liked flowers. Every spring and summer they used to go down to stay at their cottage in the country. All their walks, all their drives in the governess cart had been hunts after flowers. And naturally the child had hunted with all his mothers ardour. He had kept books of pressed flowers, he had mummified them in hot sand, he had drawn maps of the country and coloured them elaborately with different coloured inks to 184 show where the different flowers grew. How long ago all that was! Horribly long ago! Many seeds had fallen in the stony places of his spirit, to spring luxuriantly up into stalky plants and wither again because they had no deepness of earth; many had been sown there and had died, since his mother scattered the seeds of the wild flowers. And if you want sundew, he wound up, youll find it in the Punch Bowl, under Hindhead. Or round about Frensham. The Little Pond, you know, not the Big. But you know all about them, Emily exclaimed in delight. Im ashamed of my poor little knowledge. And you must really love them as much as I do. Gumbril did not deny it; they were linked henceforth by a chain of flowers. But what else did she do? Oh, of course she played the piano a great deal. Very badly; but at any rate it gave her pleasure. Beethoven she liked Beethoven best. More or less, she knew all the sonatas, though she could never keep up anything like the right speed in the difficult parts. Gumbril had again shown himself wonderfully at home. Aha! he said. I bet you cant shake that low B in the last variation but one of Op. 106 so that it doesnt sound ridiculous. And of course she couldnt, and of course she was glad that he knew all about it and how impossible it was. In the cab, as they drove back to Kew that evening, the Complete Man had decided it was time to do something decisive. The parting kissmore of a playful sonorous buss than a serious embracementthat was already in the protocol, as signed and sealed before her departure by giggling Molly. It was time, the Complete Man considered, that 185 this salute should take on a character less formal and less playful. One, two, three and, decisively, as they passed through Hammersmith Broadway, he risked the gesture. Emily burst into tears. He was not prepared for that, though perhaps he should have been. It was only by imploring, only by almost weeping himself, that Gumbril persuaded her to revoke her decision never, never to see him again. I had thought you were different, she sobbed. And now, now Please, please, he entreated. He was on the point of tearing off his beard and confessing everything there and then. But that, on second thoughts, would probably only make things worse. Please, I promise. In the end, she had consented to see him once again, provisionally, in Kew Gardens, on the following day. They were to meet at the little temple that stands on the hillock above the valley of the heathers. And now, duly, they had met. The Complete Man had been left at home in the top right-hand drawer, along with the ties and collars. She would prefer, he guessed, the Mild and Melancholy one; he was quite right. She had thought him sweeter at a first glimpse. I forgive you, he said, and kissed her hand. I forgive you. Hand in hand they walked down towards the valley of the heaths. I dont know why you should be forgiving me, she said, laughing. It seems to me that I ought to be doing the forgiving. After yesterday. She shook her head at him. You made me so wretched. 186 Ah, but youve already done your forgiving. You seem to take it very much for granted, said Emily. Dont be too sure. But I am sure, said Gumbril. I can see Emily laughed again. I feel happy, she declared. So do I. How green the grass is! Green, greenafter these long damp months it glowed in the sunlight, as though it were lighted from inside. And the trees! The pale, high, clot-polled trees of the English spring; the dark, symmetrical pine trees, islanded here and there on the lawns, each with its own separate profile against the sky and its own shadow, impenetrably dark or freckled with moving lights, on the grass at its feet. They walked on in silence. Gumbril took off his hat, breathed the soft air that smelt of the greenness of the garden. There are quiet places also in the mind, he said meditatively. But we build bandstands and factories on them. Deliberatelyto put a stop to the quietness. We dont like the quietness. All the thoughts, all the preoccupations in my headround and round, continually. He made a circular motion with his hand. And the jazz bands, the music-hall songs, the boys shouting the news. Whats it for? whats it all for? To put an end to the quiet, to break it up and disperse it, to pretend at any cost it isnt there. Ah, but it is; it is there, in spite of everything, at the back of everything. Lying awake at night, sometimesnot restlessly, but serenely, waiting for sleepthe quiet re-establishes itself, piece by piece; all the broken bits, all the fragments of it weve been so busily dispersing 187 all day long. It re-establishes itself, an inward quiet, like this outward quiet of grass and trees. It fills one, it growsa crystal quiet, a growing, expanding crystal. It grows, it becomes more perfect; it is beautiful and terrifying, yes, terrifying as well as beautiful. For ones alone in the crystal and theres no support from outside, theres nothing external and important, nothing external and trivial to pull oneself up by or to stand on, superiorly, contemptuously, so that one can look down. Theres nothing to laugh at or feel enthusiastic about. But the quiet grows and grows. Beautifully and unbearably. And at last you are conscious of something approaching; it is almost a faint sound of footsteps. Something inexpressibly lovely and wonderful advances through the crystal, nearer, nearer. And, oh, inexpressibly terrifying. For if it were to touch you, if it were to seize and engulf you, youd die; all the regular, habitual, daily part of you would die. There would be an end of bandstands and whizzing factories, and one would have to begin living arduously in the quiet, arduously in some strange, unheard-of manner. Nearer, nearer come the steps; but one cant face the advancing thing. One darent. Its too terrifying, its too painful to die. Quickly, before it is too late, start the factory wheels, bang the drum, blow up the saxophone. Think of the women youd like to sleep with, the schemes for making money, the gossip about your friends, the last outrage of the politicians. Anything for a diversion. Break the silence, smash the crystal to pieces. There, it lies in bits; it is easily broken, hard to build up and easy to break. And the steps? Ah, those have taken themselves off, double quick. Double quick, they were gone at the first flawing of the crystal. And by this time the lovely and terrifying thing is three 188 infinities away, at least. And you lie tranquilly on your bed, thinking of what youd do if you had ten thousand pounds, and of all the fornications youll never commit. He thought of Rosies pink underclothes. You make things very complicated, she said, after a silence. Gumbril spread out his great-coat on a green bank and they sat down. Leaning back, his hands under his head, he watched her sitting there beside him. She had taken off her hat; there was a stir of wind in those childish curls, and at the nape, at the temples, where the hair had sleaved out thin and fine, the sunlight made little misty haloes of gold. Her hands clasped round her knees, she sat quite still, looking out across the green expanses, at the trees, at the white clouds on the horizon. There was quiet in her mind, he thought. She was native to that crystal world; for her, the steps came comfortingly through the silence and the lovely thing brought with it no terrors. It was all so easy for her and simple. Ah, so simple, so simple; like the Hire Purchase System on which Rosie had bought her pink bed. And how simple it was, too, to puddle clear waters and unpetal every flower!every wild flower, by God! one ever passed in a governess cart at the heels of a barrel-bellied pony. How simple to spit on the floors of churches! Si prega di non sputare. Simple to kick ones legs and enjoy oneselfdutifullyin pink underclothing. Perfectly simple. Its like the Arietta, dont you think? said Emily suddenly, the Arietta of Op. 111. And she hummed the first bars of the air. Dont you feel its like that? Whats like that? 189 Everything, said Emily. To-day, I mean. You and me. These gardens And she went on humming. Gumbril shook his head. Too simple for me, he said. Emily laughed. Ah, but then think how impossible it gets a little farther on. She agitated her fingers wildly, as though she were trying to play the impossible passages. It begins easily for the sake of poor imbeciles like me; but it goes on, it goes on, more and more fully and subtly and abstrusely and embracingly. But its still the same movement. The shadows stretched farther and farther across the lawns, and as the sun declined the level light picked out among the grasses innumerable stipplings of shadow; and in the paths, that had seemed under the more perpendicular rays as level as a table, a thousand little shadowy depressions and sun-touched mountains were now apparent. Gumbril looked at his watch. Good Lord! he said, we must fly. He jumped up. Quick, quick! But why? We shall be late. He wouldnt tell her for what. Wait and see was all that Emily could get out of him by her questioning. They hurried out of the gardens, and in spite of her protests he insisted on taking a taxi into town. I have such a lot of unearned increment to get rid of, he explained. The Patent Small-Clothes seemed at the moment remoter than the farthest stars. 190 CHAPTER XIII In spite of the taxi, in spite of the gobbled dinner, they were late. The concert had begun. Never mind, said Gumbril. We shall get in in time for the minuetto. Its then that the fun really begins. Sour grapes, said Emily, putting her ear to the door. It sounds to me simply too lovely. They stood outside, like beggars waiting abjectly at the doors of a banqueting-hallstood and listened to the snatches of music that came out tantalizingly from within. A rattle of clapping announced at last that the first movement was over; the doors were thrown open. Hungrily they rushed in. The Sclopis Quartet and a subsidiary viola were bowing from the platform. There was a chirrup of tuning, then preliminary silence. Sclopis nodded and moved his bow. The minuetto of Mozarts G minor Quintet broke out, phrase after phrase, short and decisive, with every now and then a violent sforzando chord, startling in its harsh and sudden emphasis. Minuettoall civilization, Mr. Mercaptan would have said, was implied in the delicious word, the delicate, pretty thing. Ladies and precious gentlemen, fresh from the wit and gallantry of Crebillon-haunted sofas, stepping gracefully to a pattern of airy notes. To this passion of one who cries out, to this obscure and angry argument with fate how would they, Gumbril wondered, how would they have tripped it? 191 How pure the passion, how unaffected, clear and without clot or pretension the unhappiness of that slow movement which followed! Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. Pure and unsullied; pure and unmixed, unadulterated. Not passionate, thank God; only sensual and sentimental. In the name of earwig. Amen. Pure, pure. Worshippers have tried to rape the statues of the gods; the statuaries who made the images were generally to blame. And how deliciously, too, an artist can suffer! and, in the face of the whole Albert Hall, with what an effective gesture and grimace! But blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God. The instruments come together and part again. Long silver threads hang aerially over a murmur of waters; in the midst of muffled sobbing a cry. The fountains blow their architecture of slender pillars, and from basin to basin the waters fall; from basin to basin, and every fall makes somehow possible a higher leaping of the jet, and at the last fall the mounting column springs up into the sunlight, and from water the music has modulated up into a rainbow. Blessed are the pure in heart, for they shall see God; they shall make God visible, too, to other eyes. Blood beats in the ears. Beat, beat, beat. A slow drum in the darkness, beating in the ears of one who lies wakeful with fever, with the sickness of too much misery. It beats unceasingly, in the ears, in the mind itself. Body and mind are indivisible, and in the spirit blood painfully throbs. Sad thoughts droop through the mind. A small, pure light comes swaying down through the darkness, comes to rest, resigning itself to the obscurity of its misfortune. There is resignation, but blood still beats in the ears. Blood still painfully beats, though the mind has acquiesced. And 192 then, suddenly, the mind exerts itself, throws off the fever of too much suffering and laughing, commands the body to dance. The introduction to the last movement comes to its suspended, throbbing close. There is an instant of expectation, and then, with a series of mounting trochees and a downward hurrying, step after tiny step, in triple time, the dance begins. Irrelevant, irreverent, out of key with all that has gone before. But mans greatest strength lies in his capacity for irrelevance. In the midst of pestilences, wars and famines, he builds cathedrals; and a slave, he can think the irrelevant and unsuitable thoughts of a free man. The spirit is slave to fever and beating blood, at the mercy of an obscure and tyrannous misfortune. But irrelevantly, it elects to dance in triple measurea mounting skip, a patter of descending feet. The G minor Quintet is at an end; the applause rattles out loudly. Enthusiasts stand up and cry bravo. And the five men on the platform rise and bow their acknowledgments. Great Sclopis himself receives his share of the plaudits with a weary condescension; weary are his poached eyes, weary his disillusioned smile. It is only his due, he knows; but he has had so much clapping, so many lovely women. He has a Roman nose, a colossal brow and, though the tawny musical mane does much to conceal the fact, no back to his head. Garofalo, the second fiddle, is black, beady-eyed and pot-bellied. The convex reflections of the electroliers slide back and forth over his polished bald head, as he bends, again, again, in little military salutes. Peperkoek, two metres high, bows with a sinuous politeness. His face, his hair are all of the same greyish buff colour; he does not smile, his appearance is monolithic and grim. Not so exuberant Knoedler, who sweats and smiles and embraces 193 his cello send lays his hand to his heart and bows almost to the ground as though all this hullabaloo were directed only at him. As for poor little Mr. Jenkins, the subsidiary viola, he has slid away into the background, and feeling that this is really the Sclopiss show and that he, a mere intruder, has no right to any of these demonstrations, he hardly bows at all, but only smiles, vaguely and nervously, and from time to time makes a little spasmodic twitch to show that he isnt really ungrateful or haughty, as you might think, but that he feels in the circumstancesthe position is a little embarrassingit is hard to explain.... Strange, said Gumbril, to think that those ridiculous creatures could have produced what weve just been hearing. The poached eye of Sclopis lighted on Emily, flushed and ardently applauding. He gave her, all to herself, a weary smile. He would have a letter, he guessed, to-morrow morning signed Your little Admirer in the Third Row. She looked a choice little piece. He smiled again to encourage her. Emily, alas! had not even noticed. She was applauding the music. Did you enjoy it? he asked, as they stepped out into a deserted Bond Street. Did I...? Emily laughed expressively. No, I didnt enjoy, she said. Enjoy isnt the word. You enjoy eating ices. It made me happy. Its unhappy music, but it made me happy. Gumbril hailed a cab and gave the address of his rooms in Great Russell Street. Happy, he repeated, as they sat there side by side in the darkness. He, too, was happy. Where are we going? she asked. To my rooms, said Gumbril, we shall be quiet there. 194 He was afraid she might object to going thereafter yesterday. But she made no comment. Some people think that its only possible to be happy if one makes a noise, she said, after a pause. I find its too delicate and melancholy for noise. Being happy is rather melancholylike the most beautiful landscape, like those trees and the grass and the clouds and the sunshine to-day. From the outside, said Gumbril, it even looks rather dull. They stumbled up the dark staircase to his rooms. Gumbril lit a pair of candles and put the kettle on the gas ring. They sat together on the divan sipping tea. In the rich, soft light of the candles she looked different, more beautiful. The silk of her dress seemed wonderfully rich and glossy, like the petals of a tulip, and on her face, on her bare arms and neck the light seemed to spread an impalpable bright bloom. On the wall behind them, their shadows ran up towards the ceiling, enormous and profoundly black. How unreal it is, Gumbril whispered. Not true. This remote secret room. These lights and shadows out of another time. And you out of nowhere and I, out of a past utterly remote from yours, sitting together here, togetherand being happy. Thats the strangest thing of all. Being quite senselessly happy. Its unreal, unreal. But why, said Emily, why? Its here and happening now. It is real. It all might vanish, at any moment, he said. Emily smiled rather sadly. Itll vanish in due time, she said. Quite naturally, not by magic; itll vanish the way everything else vanishes and changes. But its here now. They gave themselves up to the enchantment. The 195 candles burned, two shining eyes of flame, without a wink, minute after minute. But for them there were no longer any minutes. Emily leaned against him, her body held in the crook of his arm, her head resting on his shoulder. He caressed his cheek against her hair; sometimes, very gently, he kissed her forehead or her closed eyes. If I had known you years ago ... she sighed. But I was a silly little idiot then. I shouldnt have noticed any difference between you and anybody else. I shall be very jealous, Emily spoke again after another timeless silence. There must never be anybody else, never the shadow of anybody else. There never will be anybody else, said Gumbril. Emily smiled and opened her eyes, looked up at him. Ah, not here, she said, not in this real unreal room. Not during this eternity. But there will be other rooms just as real as this. Not so real, not so real. He bent his face towards hers. She closed her eyes again, and the lids fluttered with a sudden tremulous movement at the touch of his light kiss. For them there were no more minutes. But time passed, time passed flowing in a dark stream, stanchlessly, as though from some profound mysterious wound in the worlds side, bleeding, bleeding for ever. One of the candles had burned down to the socket and the long, smoky flame wavered unsteadily. The flickering light troubled their eyes; the shadows twitched and stirred uneasily. Emily looked up at him. Whats the time? she said. Gumbril looked at his watch. It was nearly one oclock. Too late for you to get back, he said. 196 Too late? Emily sat-up. Ah, the enchantment was breaking, was giving way, like a film of ice beneath a weight, like a web before a thrust of the wind. They looked at one another. What shall I do? she asked. You could sleep here, Gumbril answered in a voice that came from a long way away. She sat for a long time in silence, looking through half-closed eyes at the expiring candle flame. Gumbril watched her in an agony of suspense. Was the ice to be broken, the web-work finally and for ever torn? The enchantment could still be prolonged, the eternity renewed. He felt his heart beating in his breast; he held his breath. It would be terrible if she were to go now, it would be a kind of death. The flame of the candle flickered more violently, leaping up in a thin, long, smoky flare, sinking again almost to darkness. Emily got up and blew out the candle. The other still burned calmly and steadily. May I stay? she asked. Will you allow me? He understood the meaning of her question, and nodded. Of course, he said. Of course? Is it as much of course as all that? When I say so. He smiled at her. The eternity had been renewed, the enchantment prolonged. There was no need to think of anything now but the moment. The past was forgotten, the future abolished. There was only this secret room and the candlelight and the unreal, impossible happiness of being two. Now that this peril of a disenchantment had been averted, it would last for ever. He got up from the couch, crossed the room, he took her hands and kissed them. Shall we sleep now? she asked. Gumbril nodded. 197 Do you mind if I blow out the light? And without waiting for his answer, Emily turned, gave a puff, and the room was in darkness. He heard the rustling of her undressing. Hastily he stripped off his own clothes, pulled back the coverlet from the divan. The bed was made and ready; he opened it and slipped between the sheets. A dim greenish light from the gas lamp in the street below came up between the parted curtains illuminating faintly the farther end of the room. Against this tempered darkness he could see her, silhouetted, standing quite still, as if hesitating on some invisible brink. Emily, he whispered. Im coming, Emily answered. She stood there, unmoving, a few seconds longer, then overstepped the brink. She came silently across the room, and sat down on the edge of the low couch. Gumbril lay perfectly still, without speaking, waiting in the enchanted timeless darkness. Emily lifted her knees, slid her feet in under the sheet, then stretched herself out beside him, her body, in the narrow bed, touching his. Gumbril felt that she was trembling; trembling, a sharp involuntary start, a little shudder, another start. Youre cold, he said, and slipping one arm beneath her shoulders he drew her, limp and unresisting, towards him. She lay there, pressed against him. Gradually the trembling ceased. Quite still, quite still in the calm of the enchantment. The past is forgotten, the future abolished; there is only this dark and everlasting moment. A drugged and intoxicated stupor of happiness possessed his spirit; a numbness, warm and delicious, lay upon him. And yet through the stupor he knew with a dreadful anxious certainty that the end would soon be there. Like a man on 198 the night before his execution, he looked forward through the endless present; he foresaw the end of his eternity. And after? Everything was uncertain and unsafe. Very gently, he began caressing her shoulder, her long slender arm, drawing his finger-tips lightly and slowly over her smooth skin; slowly from her neck, over her shoulder, lingeringly round the elbow to her hand. Again, again; he was learning her arm. The form of it was part of the knowledge, now, of his finger-tips; his fingers knew it as they knew a piece of music, as they knew Mozarts Twelfth Sonata, for example. And the themes that crowd so quickly one after another at the beginning of the first movement played themselves serially, glitteringly in his mind; they became a part of the enchantment. Through the silk of her shift he learned her curving side, her smooth straight back and the ridge of her spine. He stretched down, touched her feet, her knees. Under the smock he learned her warm body, lightly, slowly caressing. He knew her, his fingers, he felt, could build her up, a warm and curving statue in the darkness. He did not desire her; to desire would have been to break the enchantment. He let himself sink deeper and deeper into his dark stupor of happiness. She was asleep in his arms; and soon he too was asleep. 199 CHAPTER XIV Mrs. Viveash descended the steps into King Street, and standing there on the pavement looked dubiously first to the right and then to the left. Little and loud, the taxis rolled by on their white wheels, the long-snouted limousines passed with a sigh. The air smelt of watered dust, tempered in Mrs. Viveashs immediate neighbourhood by those memories of Italian jasmines which were her perfume. On the opposite pavement, in the shade, two young men, looking very conscious of their grey top-hats, marched gravely along. Life, Mrs. Viveash thought, looked a little dim this morning, in spite of the fine weather. She glanced at her watch; it was one oclock. Soon one would have to eat some lunch. But where, and with whom? Mrs. Viveash had no engagements. All the world was before her, she was absolutely free, all day long. Yesterday, when she declined all those pressing invitations, the prospect had seemed delightful. Liberty, no complications, no contacts; a pre-Adamite empty world to do what she liked in. But to-day, when it came to the point, she hated her liberty. To come out like this at one oclock into a vacuumit was absurd, it was appalling. The prospect of immeasurable boredom opened before her. Steppes after steppes of ennui, horizon beyond horizon, for ever the same. She looked again to the right and again to the left. 200 Finally she decided to go to the left. Slowly, walking along her private knife-edge between her personal abysses, she walked towards the left. She remembered suddenly one shining day like this in the summer of 1917, when she had walked along this same street, slowly, like this, on the sunny side, with Tony Lamb. All that day, that night, it had been one long good-bye. He was going back the next morning. Less than a week later he was dead. Never again, never again there had been a time when she could make herself cry, simply by saying those two words once or twice, under her breath. Never again, never again. She repeated them softly now. But she felt no tears behind her eyes. Grief doesnt kill, love doesnt kill; but time kills everything, kills desire, kills sorrow, kills in the end the mind that feels them; wrinkles and softens the body while it still lives, rots it like a medlar, kills it too at last. Never again, never again. Instead of crying, she laughed, laughed aloud. The pigeon-breasted old gentleman who had just passed her, twirling between his finger and thumb the ends of a white military moustache, turned round startled. Could she be laughing at him? Never again, murmured Mrs. Viveash. I beg your pardon? queried the martial gentleman, in a rich, port-winey, cigary voice. Mrs. Viveash looked at him with such wide-eyed astonishment that the old gentleman was quite taken aback. A thousand apologies, dear lady. Thought you were addressing ... Hm, ahm. He replaced his hat, squared his shoulders and went off smartly, left, right, bearing preciously before him his pigeon-breast. Poor thing, he thought, poor young thing. Talking to herself. Must be cracked, must be off her head. Or perhaps she took drugs. 201 That was more likely that was much more likely. Most of them did nowadays. Vicious young women. Lesbians, drug-fiends, nymphomaniacs, dipsosthoroughly vicious, nowadays, thoroughly vicious. He arrived at his club in an excellent temper. Never again, never, never again. Mrs. Viveash would have liked to be able to cry. St. Jamess Square opened before her. Romantically under its trees the statue pranced. The trees gave her an idea she might go down into the country for the afternoon, take a cab and drive out, out, goodness only knew where! To the top of a hill somewhere. Box Hill, Leith Hill, Holmbury Hill, Ivinghoe Beaconany hill where one could sit and look out over plains. One might do worse than that with ones liberty. But not much worse, she reflected. Mrs. Viveash had turned up towards the northern side of the square and was almost at its north-western corner when, with a thrill of genuine delight, with a sense of the most profound relief she saw a familiar figure, running down the steps of the London Library. Theodore! she hallooed faintly but penetratingly, from her inward death-bed. Gumbril! She waved her parasol. Gumbril halted, looked round, came smiling to meet her. How delightful, he said, but how unfortunate. Why unfortunate? asked Mrs. Viveash. Am I of evil omen? Unfortunate, Gumbril explained, because Ive got to catch a train and cant profit by this meeting. Ah no, Theodore, said Mrs. Viveash, youre not going to catch a train. Youre going to come and lunch 202 with me. Providence has decreed it. You cant say no to Providence. I must, Gumbril shook his head. Ive said yes to somebody else. To whom? Ah! said Gumbril, with a coy and saucy mysteriousness. And where are you going in your famous train? Ah again, Gumbril answered. How intolerably tiresome and silly you are! Mrs. Viveash declared. One would think you were a sixteen-year-old schoolboy going out for his first assignation with a shop girl. At your age, Gumbril! She shook her head, smiled agonizingly and with contempt. Who is she? What sordid pick-up? Not sordid in the least, protested Gumbril. But decidedly a pick-up. Eh? A banana-skin was lying, like a bedraggled starfish, in the gutter, just in front of where they were standing. Mrs. Viveash stepped forward and with the point of her parasol lifted it carefully up and offered it to her companion.  Merci , Gumbril bowed. She tossed the skin back again into the gutter. In any case, she said, the young lady can wait while we have luncheon. Gumbril shook his head. Ive made the arrangement, he said. Emilys letter was in his pocket. She had taken the loveliest cottage just out of Robertsbridge, in Sussex. Ah, but the loveliest imaginable. For the whole summer. He could come and see her there. He had telegraphed that he would come to-day, this afternoon, by the two oclock from Charing Cross. 203 Mrs. Viveash took him by the elbow. Come along, she said. Theres a post office in that passage going from Jermyn Street to Piccadilly. You can wire from there your infinite regrets. These things always improve with a little keeping. There will be raptures when you do go to-morrow. Gumbril allowed himself to be led along. What an insufferable woman you are, he said, laughing. Instead of being grateful to me for asking you to luncheon! Oh, I am grateful, said Gumbril. And astonished. He looked at her. Mrs. Viveash smiled and fixed him for a moment with her pale, untroubled eyes.... She said nothing. Still, Gumbril went on, I must be at Charing Cross by two, you know. But were lunching at Verreys. Gumbril shook his head. They were at the corner of Jermyn Street. Mrs. Viveash halted and delivered her ultimatum, the more impressive for being spoken in that expiring voice of one who says in articulo the final and supremely important things. We lunch at Verreys, Theodore, or I shall never, never speak to you again. But be reasonable, Myra, he implored. If only hed told her that he had a business appointment.... Imbecile, to have dropped those stupid hintsin that tone! I prefer not to be, said Mrs. Viveash. Gumbril made a gesture of despair and was silent. He thought of Emily in her native quiet among the flowers; in a cottage altogether too cottagey, with honeysuckles and red ramblers and hollyhocksthough, on second thoughts, none of them would be blooming yet, would they?happily, 204 in white muslin, extracting from the cottage piano the easier sections of the Arietta. A little absurd, perhaps, when you considered her like that; but exquisite, but adorable, but pure of heart and flawless in her bright pellucid integrity, complete as a crystal in its faceted perfection. She would be waiting for him, expecting him; and they would walk through the twiddly lanesor perhaps there would be a governess cart for hire, with a fat pony like a tub on legs to pull itthey would look for flowers in the woods and perhaps he would still remember what sort of noise a whitethroat makes; or even if he didnt remember, he could always magisterially say he did. Thats a whitethroat, Emily. Do you hear? The one that goes Tweedly, weedly, weedledy dee. Im waiting, said Mrs. Viveash. Patiently, however. Gumbril looked at her and found her smiling like a tragic mask. After all, he reflected, Emily would still be there if he went down to-morrow. It would be stupid to quarrel with Myra about something that was really, when he came to think of it, not of enormous importance. It was stupid to quarrel with any one about anything; and with Myra and about this, particularly so. In this white dress patterned with flowing arabesques of black she looked, he thought, more than ever enchanting. There had been times in the past.... The past leads on to the present.... No; but in any case she was excellent company. Well, he said, sighing decisively, lets go and send my wire. Mrs. Viveash made no comment, and traversing Jermyn Street they walked up the narrow passage under the lee of Wrens bald barn of St. Jamess, to the post office. I shall pretext a catastrophe, said Gumbril, as they 205 entered; and going to the telegraph desk he wrote Slight accident on way to station not serious at all but a little indisposed come same train to-morrow. He addressed the form and handed it in. A little what? asked the young lady behind the bars, as she read it through, prodding each successive word with the tip of her blunt pencil. A little indisposed, said Gumbril, and he felt suddenly very much ashamed of himself. A little indisposed,no, really, that was too much. Hed withdraw the telegram, hed go after all. Ready? asked Mrs. Viveash, coming up from the other end of the counter where she had been buying stamps. Gumbril pushed a florin under the bars. A little indisposed, he said, hooting with laughter, and he walked towards the door leaning heavily on his stick and limping. Slight accident, he explained. What is the meaning of this clownery? Mrs. Viveash inquired. What indeed? Gumbril had limped up to the door and stood there, holding it open for her. He was taking no responsibility for himself. It was the clowns doing, and the clown, poor creature, was non compos , not entirely there, and couldnt be called to account for his actions. He limped after her towards Piccadilly.  Giudicato guarabile in cinque giorni , Mrs. Viveash laughed. How charming that always is in the Italian papers. The fickle lady, the jealous lover, the stab, the colpo di rivoltella , the mere Anglo-Saxon black eyeall judged by the house surgeon at the Misericordia curable in five days. And you, my poor Gumbril, are you curable in five days? 206 That depends, said Gumbril. There may be complications. Mrs. Viveash waved her parasol; a taxi came swerving to the pavements edge in front of them. Meanwhile, she said, you cant be expected to walk. At Verreys they lunched off lobsters and white wine. Fish suppers, Gumbril quoted jovially from the Restoration, fish suppers will make a man hop like a flea. Through the whole meal he clowned away in the most inimitable style. The ghost of a governess cart rolled along the twiddly lanes of Robertsbridge. But one can refuse to accept responsibility; a clown cannot be held accountable. And besides, when the future and the past are abolished, when it is only the present instant, whether enchanted or unenchanted, that counts, when there are no causes or motives, no future consequences to be considered, how can there be responsibility, even for those who are not clowns? He drank a great deal of hock, and when the clock struck two and the train had begun to snort out of Charing Cross, he could not refrain from proposing the health of Viscount Lascelles. After that he began telling Mrs. Viveash about his adventure as a Complete Man. You should have seen me, he said, describing his beard. I should have been bowled over. You shall see me, then, said Gumbril. Ah, what a Don Giovanni. La ci darem la mano, La mi dirai di si, Vieni, non e lontano, Partiam, ben mio, da qui. And they came, they came. Without hesitation. No  vorrei e non vorrei , no  mi trema un poco il cor . Straight away.  Felice, io so, sarei , Mrs. Viveash sang very faintly under her breath, from a remote bed of agony. 207 Ah, happiness, happiness; a little dull, some one had wisely said, when you looked at it from outside. An affair of duets at the cottage piano, of collecting specimens, hand in hand, for the hortus siccus . A matter of integrity and quietness. Ah, but the history of the young woman who was married four years ago, exclaimed Gumbril with clownish rapture, and remains to this day a virginwhat an episode in my memoirs! In the enchanted darkness he had learned her young body. He looked at his fingers; her beauty was a part of their knowledge. On the tablecloth he drummed out the first bars of the Twelfth Sonata of Mozart. And even after singing her duet with the Don, he continued, she is still virgin. There are chaste pleasures, sublimated sensualities. More thrillingly voluptuous, with the gesture of a restaurant-keeper who praises the speciality of the house, he blew a treacly kiss, than any of the grosser deliriums. What is all this about? asked Mrs. Viveash. Gumbril finished off his glass. I am talking esoterically, he said, for my own pleasure, not yours. But tell me more about the beard, Mrs. Viveash insisted. I liked the beard so much. All right, said Gumbril, let us try to be unworthy with coherence. They sat for a long time over their cigarettes; it was half past three before Mrs. Viveash suggested they should go. Almost time, she said, looking at her watch, to have tea. One damned meal after another. And never anything new to eat. And every year one gets bored with another of the old things. Lobster, for instance, how I used to adore lobster once! But to-daywell, really, 208 it was only your conversation, Theodore, that made it tolerable. Gumbril put his hand to his heart and bowed. He felt suddenly extremely depressed. And wine I used to think Orvieto so heavenly. But this spring, when I went to Italy, it was just a bad muddy sort of Vouvray. And those soft caramels they call Fiats; I used to eat those till I was sick. I was at the sick stage before Id finished one of them, this time in Rome. Mrs. Viveash shook her head. Disillusion after disillusion. They walked down the dark passage into the street. Well go home, said Mrs. Viveash. I really havent the spirit to do anything else this afternoon. To the commissionaire who opened the door of the cab she gave the address of her house in St. Jamess. Will one ever recapture the old thrills? she asked rather fatiguedly as they drove slowly through the traffic of Regent Street. Not by chasing after them, said Gumbril, in whom the clown had quite evaporated. If one sat still enough they might perhaps come back of their own accord.... There would be the faint sound as it were of feet approaching through the quiet. It isnt only food, said Mrs. Viveash, who had closed her eyes and was leaning back in her corner. So I can well believe. Its everything. Nothings the same now. I feel it never will be. Never more, croaked Gumbril. Never again, Mrs. Viveash echoed. Never again. There were still no tears behind her eyes. Did you ever know Tony Lamb? she asked. 209 No, Gumbril answered from his corner. What about him? Mrs. Viveash did not answer. What, indeed, about him? She thought of his very clear blue eyes and the fair, bright hair that had been lighter than his brown face. Brown face and neck, red-brown hands; and all the rest of his skin was as white as milk. I was very fond of him, she said at last. Thats all. He was killed in 1917, just about this time of the year. It seems a very long time ago, dont you think? Does it? Gumbril shrugged his shoulders. I dont know. The past is abolished. Vivamus, mea Lesbia. If I werent so horribly depressed, Id embrace you. That would be some slight compensation for myhe tapped his foot with the end of his walking-stickmy accident. Youre depressed too? One should never drink at luncheon, said Gumbril. It wrecks the afternoon. One should also never think of the past and never for one moment consider the future. These are treasures of ancient wisdom. But perhaps after a little tea He leaned forward to look at the figures on the taximeter, for the cab had come to a standstillafter a nip of the tannin stimulanthe threw open the doorwe may feel rather better. Mrs. Viveash smiled excruciatingly. For me, she said, as she stepped out on to the pavement, even tannin has lost its virtues now. Mrs. Viveashs drawing-room was tastefully in the movement. The furniture was upholstered in fabrics designed by Dufyracehorses and roses, little tennis players clustering in the midst of enormous flowers, printed in grey and ochre on a white ground. There were a couple of lamp-shades 210 by Balla. On the pale rose-stippled walls hung three portraits of herself by three different and entirely incongruous painters, a selection of the usual oranges and lemons, and a rather forbidding contemporary nude painted in two tones of green. And how bored I am with this room and all these beastly pictures! exclaimed Mrs. Viveash as she entered. She took off her hat and, standing in front of the mirror above the mantelpiece, smoothed her coppery hair. You should take a cottage in the country, said Gumbril, buy a pony and a governess cart and drive along the twiddly lanes looking for flowers. After tea you open the cottage piano, and suiting his action to the words, Gumbril sat down at the long-tailed Blüthner, and you play, you play. Very slowly and with parodied expressiveness he played the opening theme of the Arietta. You wouldnt be bored then, he said, turning round to her, when he had finished. Ah, wouldnt I! said Mrs. Viveash. And with whom do you propose that I should share my cottage? Any one you like, said Gumbril. His fingers hung, as though meditating over the keys. But I dont like any one, cried Mrs. Viveash with a terrible vehemence from her death-bed.... Ah, now it had been said, the truth. It sounded like a joke. Tony had been dead five years now. Those bright blue eyesah, never again. All rotted away to nothing. Then you should try, said Gumbril, whose hands had begun to creep softly forward into the Twelfth Sonata. You should try. But I do try, said Mrs. Viveash. Her elbows propped on the mantelpiece, her chin resting on her clasped hands, 211 she was looking fixedly at her own image in the glass. Pale eyes looked unwaveringly into pale eyes. The red mouth and its reflection exchanged their smiles of pain. She had tried; it revolted her now to think how often she had tried; she had tried to like some one, any one, as much as Tony. She had tried to recapture, to re-evoke, to revivify. And there had never been anything, really, but a disgust. I havent succeeded, she added, after a pause. The music had shifted from F major to D minor; it mounted in leaping anapæsts to a suspended chord, ran down again, mounted once more, modulating to C minor, then, through a passage of trembling notes to A flat major, to the dominant of D flat, to the dominant of C, to C minor, and at last, to a new clear theme in the major. Then Im sorry for you, said Gumbril, allowing his fingers to play on by themselves. He felt sorry, too, for the subjects of Mrs. Viveashs desperate experiments. She mightnt have succeeded in liking themfor their part, poor devils, they in general only too agonizingly liked her.... Only too.... He remembered the cold, damp spots on his pillow, in the darkness. Those hopeless, angry tears. You nearly killed me once, he said. Only time kills, said Mrs. Viveash, still looking into her own pale eyes. I have never made any one happy, she added, after a pause. Never any one, she thought, except Tony, and Tony they had killed, shot him through the head. Even the bright eyes had rotted, like any other carrion. She too had been happy then. Never again. A maid came in with the tea-things. Ah, the tannin! exclaimed Gumbril with enthusiasm, and broke off his playing. The one hope of salvation. He poured out two cups, and picking up one of them he came 212 over to the fireplace and stood behind her, sipping slowly at the pale brewage and looking over her shoulder at their two reflections in the mirror.  La ci darem , he hummed. If only I had my beard! He stroked his chin and with the tip of his forefinger brushed up the drooping ends of his moustache. Youd come trembling like Zerlina, in under its golden shadow. Mrs. Viveash smiled. I dont ask for anything better, she said. What more delightful part! Felice, io so, sarei Batti, batti, o bel Mazetto. Enviable Zerlina! The servant made another silent entry. A gentleman, she said, called Mr. Shearwater would like Tell him Im not at home, said Mrs. Viveash, without looking round. There was a silence. With raised eyebrows Gumbril looked over Mrs. Viveashs shoulder at her reflection. Her eyes were calm and without expression, she did not smile or frown. Gumbril still questioningly looked. In the end he began to laugh. 213 CHAPTER XV They were playing that latest novelty from across the water, Whats he to Hecuba? Sweet, sweet and piercing, the saxophone pierced into the very bowels of compassion and tenderness, pierced like a revelation from heaven, pierced like the angels treacly dart into the holy Teresas quivering and ecstasiated flank. More ripely and roundly, with a kindly and less agonizing voluptuousness, the cello meditated those Mohammedan ecstasies that last, under the green palms of Paradise, six hundred inenarrable years apiece. Into this charged atmosphere the violin admitted refreshing draughts of fresh air, cool and thin like the breath from a still damp squirt. And the piano hammered and rattled away unmindful of the sensibilities of the other instruments, banged away all the time reminding every one concerned, in a thoroughly business-like way, that this was a cabaret where people came to dance the fox-trot; not a baroque church for female saints to go into ecstasies in, not a mild, happy valley of tumbling houris. At each recurrence of the refrain the four negroes of the orchestra, or at least the three of them who played with their hands alonefor the saxophonist always blew at this point with a redoubled sweetness, enriching the passage with a warbling contrapuntal soliloquy that fairly wrung the entrails and transported the pierced heartbroke into melancholy and drawling song 214 Whats he to Hecuba? Nothing at all. Thats why therell be no wedding on Wednesday week, Way down in old Bengal. What unspeakable sadness, said Gumbril, as he stepped, stepped through the intricacies of the trot. Eternal passion, eternal pain. Les chants désesperés sont les chants les plus beaux, Et jen sais dimmortels qui sont de purs sanglots. Rum tiddle-um-tum, pom-pom. Amen. Whats he to Hecuba? Nothing at all. Nothing, mark you. Nothing, nothing. Nothing, repeated Mrs. Viveash. I know all about that. She sighed. I am nothing to you, said Gumbril, gliding with skill between the wall and the Charybdis of a couple dangerously experimenting with a new step. You are nothing to me. Thank God. And yet here we are, two bodies with but a single thought, a beast with two backs, a perfectly united centaur trotting, trotting. They trotted. Whats he to Hecuba? The grinning blackamoors repeated the question, reiterated the answer on a tone of frightful unhappiness. The saxophone warbled on the verge of anguish. The couples revolved, marked time, stepped and stepped with an habitual precision, as though performing some ancient and profoundly significant rite. Some were in fancy dress, for this was a gala night at the cabaret. Young women disguised as callipygous Florentine pages, blue-breeched Gondoliers, black-breeched Toreadors circulated, moon-like, round the hall, clasped sometimes in the arms of Arabs, or white clowns, or more often of untravestied partners. The faces reflected in the mirrors 215 were the sort of faces one feels one ought to know by sight; the cabaret was Artistic. Whats he to Hecuba? Mrs. Viveash murmured the response, almost piously, as though she were worshipping almighty and omnipresent Nil. I adore this tune, she said, this divine tune. It filled up a space, it moved, it jigged, it set things twitching in you, it occupied time, it gave you a sense of being alive. Divine tune, divine tune, she repeated with emphasis, and she shut her eyes, trying to abandon herself, trying to float, trying to give Nil the slip. Ravishing little Toreador, that, said Gumbril, who had been following the black-breeched travesty with affectionate interest. Mrs. Viveash opened her eyes. Nil was unescapable. With Piers Cotton, you mean? Your tastes are a little common, my dear Theodore. Green-eyed monster! Mrs. Viveash laughed. When I was being finished in Paris, she said, Mademoiselle always used to urge me to take fencing lessons. Cest un exercice très gracieux. Et puis , Mrs. Viveash mimicked a passionate earnestness,  et puis, ça dévelope le bassin . Your Toreador, Gumbril, looks as though she must be a champion with the foils. Quel bassin!  Hush, said Gumbril. They were abreast of the Toreador and her partner. Piers Cotton turned his long greyhounds nose in their direction. How are you? he asked across the music. They nodded. And you? Ah, writing such a book, cried Piers Cotton, such a brilliant, brilliant, flashing book. The dance was carrying 216 them apart. Like a smile of false teeth, he shouted across the widening gulf, and disappeared in the crowd. Whats he to Hecuba? Lachrymosely, the hilarious blackamoors chanted their question, mournfully pregnant with its foreknown reply. Nil, omnipresent nil, world-soul, spiritual informer of all matter. Nil in the shape of a black-breeched moon-basined Toreador. Nil, the man with the greyhounds nose. Nil, as four blackamoors. Nil in the form of a divine tune. Nil, the faces, the faces one ought to know by sight, reflected in the mirrors of the hall. Nil this Gumbril whose arm is round ones waist, whose feet step in and out among ones own. Nothing at all. Thats why therell be no wedding. No wedding at St. Georges, Hanover Square,oh, desperate experiment!with Nil Viveash, that charming boy, that charming nothing at all, engaged at the moment in hunting elephants, hunting fever and carnivores among the Tikki-tikki pygmies. Thats why therell be no wedding on Wednesday week. For Lycidas is dead, dead ere his prime. For the light strawy hair not a lock left, the brown face, the red-brown hands and the smooth boys body, milk-white, milk-warm, are nothing at all, nothing, now, at allnil these five yearsand the shining blue eyes as much nil as the rest. Always the same people, complained Mrs. Viveash, looking round the room. The old familiar faces. Never any one new. Wheres the younger generation, Gumbril? Were old, Theodore. There are millions younger than we are. Where are they? Im not responsible for them, said Gumbril. Im not even responsible for myself. He imagined a cottagey room, under the roof, with a window near the floor and a 217 sloping ceiling where you were always bumping your head; and in the candlelight Emilys candid eyes, her grave and happy mouth; in the darkness, the curve, under his fingers, of her firm body. Why dont they come and sing for their supper? Mrs. Viveash went on petulantly. Its their business to amuse us. Theyre probably thinking of amusing themselves, Gumbril suggested. Well, then, they should do it where we can see them. Whats he to Hecuba? Nothing at all, Gumbril clownishly sang. The room, in the cottage, had nothing to do with him. He breathed Mrs. Viveashs memories of Italian jasmines, laid his cheek for a moment against her smooth hair. Nothing at all. Happy clown! Way down in old Bengal, under the green Paradisiac palms, among the ecstatic mystagogues and the saints who scream beneath the divine caresses, the music came to an end. The four negroes wiped their glistening faces. The couples fell apart. Gumbril and Mrs. Viveash sat down and smoked a cigarette. 218 CHAPTER XVI The blackamoors had left the platform at the end of the hall. The curtains looped up at either side had slid down, cutting it off from the rest of the roommaking two worlds, Gumbril elegantly and allusively put it, where only one grew beforeand one of them a better world, he added too philosophically, because unreal. There was the theatrical silence, the suspense. The curtains parted again. On a narrow bedon a bier perhapsthe corpse of a woman. The husband kneels beside it. At the foot stands the doctor, putting away his instruments. In a beribboned pink cradle reposes a monstrous baby. The Husband  Margaret! Margaret! The Doctor  She is dead. The Husband  Margaret! The Doctor  Of septicæmia, I tell you. The Husband  I wish that I too were dead! The Doctor  But you wont to-morrow. The Husband  To-morrow! But I dont want to live to see to-morrow. The Doctor  You will to-morrow. The Husband  Margaret! Margaret! Wait for me there; I shall not fail to meet you in that hollow vale. The Doctor  You will not be slow to survive her. The Husband  Christ have mercy upon us! 219 The Doctor  You would do better to think of the child. The Husband  rising and standing menacingly over the cradle  Is that the monster? The Doctor  No worse than others. The Husband  Begotten in a night of immaculate pleasure, monster, may you live loveless, in dirt and impurity! The Doctor  Conceived in lust and darkness, may your own impurity always seem heavenly, monster, in your own eyes! The Husband  Murderer, slowly die all your life long! The Doctor  The child must be fed. The Husband  Fed? With what? The Doctor  With milk. The Husband  Her milk is cold in her breasts. The Doctor  There are still cows. The Husband  Tubercular shorthorns.  Calling.  Let Short-i-the-horn be brought! Voices  off  Short-i-the-horn! Short-i-the-horn!  Fadingly  Short-i-the.... The Doctor  In nineteen hundred and twenty-one, twenty-seven thousand nine hundred and thirteen women died in childbirth. The Husband  But none of them belonged to my harem. The Doctor  Each of them was somebodys wife. The Husband  Doubtless. But the people we dont know are only characters in the human comedy. We are the tragedians. The Doctor  Not in the spectators eyes. The Husband  Do I think of the spectators? Ah, Margaret! Margaret!... 220 The Doctor  The twenty-seven thousand nine hundred and fourteenth. The Husband  The only one! The Doctor  But here comes the cow.  Short-i-the-horn is led in by a Yokel.  The Husband  Ah, good Short-i-the-horn!  He pats the animal.  She was tested last week, was she not? The Yokel  Ay, sir. The Husband  And found tubercular. No? The Yokel  Even in the udders, may it please you. The Husband  Excellent! Milk me the cow, sir, into this dirty wash-pot. The Yokel  I will, sir.  He milks the cow.  The Husband  Her milkher milk is cold already. All the woman in her chilled and curdled within her breasts. Ah, Jesus! what miraculous galactagogue will make it flow again? The Yokel  The wash-pot is full, sir. The Husband  Then take the cow away. The Yokel  Come, Short-i-the-horn; come up, good Short-i-the-horn.  He goes out with the cow.  The Husband  pouring the milk into a long-tubed feeding-bottle  Heres for you, monster, to drink your own health in.  He gives the bottle to the child.  Curtain. A little ponderous, perhaps, said Gumbril, as the curtain came down. But I liked the cow. Mrs. Viveash opened her cigarette-case and found it empty. Gumbril offered her one of his. She shook her head. I dont want it in the least, she said. 221 Yes, the cow was in the best pantomime tradition, Gumbril agreed. Ah! but it was a long time since he had been to a Christmas pantomime. Not since Dan Lenos days. All the little cousins, the uncles and aunts on both sides of the family, dozens and dozens of themevery year they filled the best part of a row in the dress circle at Drury Lane. And buns were stickily passed from hand to hand, chocolates circulated; the grown-ups drank tea. And the pantomime went on and on, glory after glory, under the shining arch of the stage. Hours and hours; and the grown-ups always wanted to go away before the harlequinade. And the children felt sick from eating too much chocolate, or wanted with such extreme urgency to go to the w.c. that they had to be led out, trampling and stumbling over everybody elses feetand every stumble making the need more agonizingly greatin the middle of the transformation scene. And there was Dan Leno, inimitable Dan Leno, dead now as poor Yorick, no more than a mere skull like anybody elses skull. And his mother, he remembered, used to laugh at him sometimes till the tears ran down her cheeks. She used to enjoy things thoroughly, with a whole heart. I wish theyd hurry up with the second scene, said Mrs. Viveash. If theres anything that bores me, its entractes . Most of ones life is an entracte , said Gumbril, whose present mood of hilarious depression seemed favourable to the enunciation of apophthegms. None of your cracker mottoes, please, protested Mrs. Viveash. All the same, she reflected, what was she doing now but waiting for the curtain to go up again, waiting, with what unspeakable weariness of spirit, for the curtain 222 that had rung down, ten centuries ago, on those blue eyes, that bright strawy hair and the weathered face? Thank God, she said with an expiring earnestness, heres the second scene! The curtain went up. In a bald room stood the Monster, grown now from an infant into a frail and bent young man with bandy legs. At the back of the stage a large window giving on to a street along which people pass. The Monster  solus  The young girls of Sparta, they say, used to wrestle naked with naked Spartan boys. The sun caressed their skins till they were brown and transparent like amber or a flask of olive oil. Their breasts were hard, their bellies flat. They were pure with the chastity of beautiful animals. Their thoughts were clear, their minds cool and untroubled. I spit blood into my handkerchief and sometimes I feel in my mouth something slimy, soft and disgusting, like a slugand I have coughed up a shred of my lung. The rickets from which I suffered in childhood have bent my bones and made them old and brittle. All my life I have lived in this huge town, whose domes and spires are wrapped in a cloud of stink that hides the sun. The slug-dank tatters of lung that I spit out are black with the soot I have been breathing all these years. I am now come of age. Long-expected one-and-twenty has made me a fully privileged citizen of this great realm of which the owners of the Daily Mirror , the News of the World and the Daily Express are noble peers. Somewhere, I must logically infer, there must be other cities, built by men for men to live in. Somewhere, in the past, in the future, a very long way off.... But perhaps the only street improvement schemes that ever really improve the streets are schemes 223 in the minds of those who live in them schemes of love mostly. Ah! here she comes.  The Young Lady enters. She stands outside the window, in the street, paying no attention to the Monster ; she seems to be waiting for somebody.  She is like a pear tree in flower. When she smiles, it is as though there were stars. Her hair is like the harvest in an eclogue, her cheeks are all the fruits of summer. Her arms and thighs are as beautiful as the soul of St. Catherine of Siena. And her eyes, her eyes are plumbless with thought and limpidly pure like the water of the mountains. The Young Lady  If I wait till the summer sale, the crêpe de Chine will be reduced by at least two shillings a yard, and on six camisoles that will mean a lot of money. But the question is can I go from May till the end of July with the underclothing I have now? The Monster  If I knew her, I should know the universe! The Young Lady  My present ones are so dreadfully middle-class. And if Roger should ... by any chance.... The Monster  Or, rather, I should be able to ignore it, having a private universe of my own. The Young Lady  Ifif he didwell, it might be rather humiliating with these I have ... like a servants almost.... The Monster  Love makes you accept the world; it puts an end to criticism. The Young Lady  His hand already.... The Monster  Dare I, dare I tell her how beautiful she is? The Young Lady  On the whole, I think Id better get it now, though it will cost more. 224 The Monster  desperately advancing to the window as though to assault a battery  Beautiful! beautiful! The Young Lady  looking at him  Ha, ha, ha! The Monster  But I love you, flowering pear tree; I love you, golden harvest; I love you, fruitage of summer; I love you, body and limbs, with the shape of a saints thought. The Young Lady  redoubles her laughter  Ha, ha, ha! The Monster  taking her hand  You cannot be cruel!  He is seized with a violent paroxysm of coughing which doubles him up, which shakes and torments him. The handkerchief he holds to his mouth is spotted with blood.  The Young Lady  You disgust me!  She draws away her skirts so that they shall not come in contact with him.  The Monster  But I swear to you, I loveI  He is once more interrupted by his cough.  The Young Lady  Please go away.  In a different voice  Ah, Roger!  She advances to meet a snub-nosed lubber with curly hair and a face like a grooms, who passes along the street at this moment.  Roger  Ive got the motor-bike waiting at the corner. The Young Lady  Lets go, then. Roger  pointing to the Monster  Whats that? The Young Lady  Oh, its nothing in particular.  Both roar with laughter. Roger escorts her out, patting her familiarly on the back as they walk along.  The Monster  looking after her  There is a wound under my left pap. She has deflowered all women. I cannot.... Lord! whispered Mrs. Viveash, how this young man bores me! 225 I confess, replied Gumbril, I have rather a taste for moralities. There is a pleasant uplifting vagueness about these symbolical generalized figures which pleases me. You were always charmingly simple-minded, said Mrs. Viveash. But whos this? As long as the young man isnt left alone on the stage, I dont mind. Another female figure has appeared in the street beyond the window. It is the Prostitute. Her face, painted in two tones of red, white, green, blue and black, is the most tasteful of nature-mortes . The Prostitute  Hullo, duckie! The Monster  Hullo! The Prostitute  Are you lonely? The Monster  Yes. The Prostitute  Would you like me to come in to see you? The Monster  Very well. The Prostitute  Shall we say thirty bob? The Monster  As you like. The Prostitute  Come along then.  She climbs through the window and they go off together through the door on the left of the stage. The curtains descend for a moment, then rise again. The Monster and the Prostitute are seen issuing from the door at which they went out.  The Monster  taking out a cheque-book and a fountain pen  Thirty shillings.... The Prostitute  Thank you. Not a cheque. I dont want any cheques. How do I know it isnt a dud one that 226 theyll refuse payment for at the bank? Ready money for me, thanks. The Monster  But I havent got any cash on me at the moment. The Prostitute  Well, I wont take a cheque. Once bitten, twice shy, I can tell you. The Monster  But I tell you I havent got any cash. The Prostitute  Well, all I can say is, here I stay till I get it. And, whats more, if I dont get it quick, Ill make a row. The Monster  But this is absurd. I offer you a perfectly good cheque.... The Prostitute  And I wont take it. So there! The Monster  Well then, take my watch. Its worth more than thirty bob.  He pulls out his gold half-hunter.  The Prostitute  Thank you, and get myself arrested as soon as I take it to the pop-shop! No, I want cash, I tell you. The Monster  But where the devil do you expect me to get it at this time of night? The Prostitute  I dont know. But youve got to get it pretty quick. The Monster  Youre unreasonable. The Prostitute  Arent there any servants in this house? The Monster  Yes. The Prostitute  Well, go and borrow it from one of them. The Monster  But really, that would be too low, too humiliating. The Prostitute  All right, Ill begin kicking up a noise. Ill go to the window and yell till all the neighbours are 227 woken up and the police come to see whats up. You can borrow it from the copper then. The Monster  You really wont take my cheque? I swear to you its perfectly all right. Theres plenty of money to meet it. The Prostitute  Oh, shut up! No more dilly-dallying. Get me my money at once, or Ill start the row. One, two, three....  She opens her mouth wide as if to yell.  The Monster  All right.  He goes out.  The Prostitute  Nice state of things were coming to, when young rips try and swindle us poor girls out of our money! Mean, stinking skunks! Id like to slit the throats of some of them. The Monster  coming back again  Here you are.  He hands her money.  The Prostitute  examining it  Thank you, dearie. Any other time youre lonely.... The Monster  No, no! The Prostitute  Where did you get it finally? The Monster  I woke the cook. The Prostitute  goes off into a peal of laughter  Well, so long, duckie.  She goes out.  The Monster  solus  Somewhere there must be love like music. Love harmonious and ordered two spirits, two bodies moving contrapuntally together. Somewhere, the stupid brutish act must be made to make sense, must be enriched, must be made significant. Lust, like Diabellis waltz, a stupid air, turned by a genius into three-and-thirty fabulous variations. Somewhere.... Oh dear! sighed Mrs. Viveash. Charming! Gumbril protested. 228 ... love like sheets of silky flame; like landscapes brilliant in the sunlight against a background of purple thunder; like the solution of a cosmic problem; like faith.... Crikey! said Mrs. Viveash. ... Somewhere, somewhere. But in my veins creep the maggots of the pox.... Really, really! Mrs. Viveash shook her head. Too medical! ... crawling towards the brain, crawling into the mouth, burrowing into the bones. Insatiably. The Monster threw himself to the ground, and the curtain came down. And about time too! declared Mrs. Viveash. Charming! Gumbril stuck to his guns. Charming! charming! There was a disturbance near the door. Mrs. Viveash looked round to see what was happening. And now on top of it all, she said, here comes Coleman, raving, with an unknown drunk. Have we missed it? Coleman was shouting. Have we missed all the lovely bloody farce? Lovely bloody! his companion repeated with drunken raptures, and he went into fits of uncontrollable laughter. He was a very young boy with straight dark hair and a face of Hellenic beauty, now distorted with tipsiness. Coleman greeted his acquaintances in the hall, shouting a jovial obscenity to each. And Bumbril-Gumbril, he exclaimed, catching sight of him at last in the front row. 229 And Hetaira-Myra! He pushed his way through the crowd, followed unsteadily by his young disciple. So youre here, he said, standing over them and looking down with an enigmatic malice in his bright blue eyes. Wheres the physiologue? Am I the physiologues keeper? asked Gumbril. Hes with his glands and his hormones, I suppose. Not to mention his wife. He smiled to himself. Where the hormones, there moan I, said Coleman, skidding off sideways along the slippery word. I hear, by the way, that theres a lovely prostitute in this play. Youve missed her, said Mrs. Viveash. What a misfortune, said Coleman. Weve missed the delicious trull, he said, turning to the young man. The young man only laughed. Let me introduce, by the way, said Coleman. This is Dante, he pointed to the dark-haired boy; and I am Virgil. Were making a round touror, rather, a descending spiral tour of hell. But were only at the first circle so far. These, Alighieri, are two damned souls, though not, as you might suppose, Paolo and Francesca. The boy continued to laugh, happily and uncomprehendingly. Another of these interminable entractes , complained Mrs. Viveash. I was just saying to Theodore here that if theres one thing I dislike more than another, its a long entracte . Would hers ever come to an end? And if theres one thing I dislike more than another, said the boy, breaking silence for the first time, with an air of the greatest earnestness, its ... its one thing more than another. 230 And youre perfectly right in doing so, said Coleman. Perfectly right. I know, the boy replied modestly. When the curtain rose again it was on an aged Monster, with a black patch over the left side of his nose, no hair, no teeth, and sitting harmlessly behind the bars of an asylum. The Monster  Asses, apes and dogs! Milton called them that; he should have known. Somewhere there must be men, however. The variations on Diabelli prove it. Brunelleschis dome is more than the magnification of Cléo de Mérodes breast. Somewhere there are men with power, living reasonably. Like our mythical Greeks and Romans. Living cleanly. The images of the gods are their portraits. They walk under their own protection.  The Monster climbs on to a chair and stands in the posture of a statue . Jupiter, father of gods, a man, I bless myself, I throw bolts at my own disobedience, I answer my own prayers, I pronounce oracles to satisfy the questions I myself propound. I abolish all tetters, poxes, blood-spitting, rotting of bones. With love I recreate the world from within. Europa puts an end to squalor, Leda does away with tyranny, Danae tempers stupidity. After establishing these reforms in the social sewer, I climb, I climb, up through the manhole, out of the manhole, beyond humanity. For the manhole, even the manhole, is dark; though not so dingy as the doghole it was before I altered it. Up through the manhole, towards the air. Up, up!  And the Monster , suiting the action to his words, climbs up the runged back of his chair and stands, by a miraculous feat of acrobacy, on the topmost bar . I begin to see the stars through other eyes than my own. More than dog already, I become more than man. 231 I begin to have inklings of the shape and sense of things. Upwards, upwards I strain, I peer, I reach aloft.  The balanced Monster reaches, strains and peers . And I seize, I seize!  As he shouts these words, the Monster falls heavily, head foremost, to the floor. He lies there quite still. After a little time the door opens and the Doctor of the first scene enters with a Warder . The Warder  I heard a crash. The Doctor  who has by this time become immensely old and has a beard like Father Thames  It looks as though you were right.  He examines the Monster . The Warder  He was for ever climbing on to his chair. The Doctor  Well, he wont any more. His necks broken. The Warder  You dont say so? The Doctor  I do. The Warder  Well, I never! The Doctor  Have it carried down to the dissecting-room. The Warder  Ill send for the porters at once.  Exeunt severally, and Curtain . Well, said Mrs. Viveash, Im glad thats over. The music struck up again, saxophone and cello, with the thin draught of the violin to cool their ecstasies and the thumping piano to remind them of business. Gumbril and Mrs. Viveash slid out into the dancing crowd, revolving as though by force of habit. These substitutes for the genuine copulative article, said Coleman to his disciple, are beneath the dignity of hell-hounds like you and me. Charmed, the young man laughed; he was attentive as 232 though at the feet of Socrates. Coleman had found him in a night club, where he had gone in search of Zoe, found him very drunk in the company of two formidable women fifteen or twenty years his senior, who were looking after him, half maternally out of pure kindness of heart, half professionally; for he seemed to be carrying a good deal of money. He was incapable of looking after himself. Coleman had pounced on him at once, claimed an old friendship which the youth was too tipsy to be able to deny, and carried him off. There was something, he always thought, peculiarly interesting about the spectacle of children tobogganing down into the cesspools. I like this place, said the young man. Tastes differ! Coleman shrugged his shoulders. The German professors have catalogued thousands of people whose whole pleasure consists in eating dung. The young man smiled and nodded, rather vaguely. Is there anything to drink here? he asked. Too respectable, Coleman answered, shaking his head. I think this is a bloody place, said the young man. Ah! but some people like blood. And some like boots. And some like long gloves and corsets. And some like birch-rods. And some like sliding down slopes and cant look at Michelangelos Night on the Medici Tombs without dying the little death, because the statue seems to be sliding. And some.... But I want something to drink, insisted the young man. Coleman stamped his feet, waved his arms.  À boire! à boire!  he shouted, like the newborn Gargantua. Nobody paid any attention. 233 The music came to an end. Gumbril and Mrs. Viveash reappeared. Dante, said Coleman, calls for drink. We must leave the building. Yes. Anything to get out of this, said Mrs. Viveash. Whats the time? Gumbril looked at his watch. Half-past one. Mrs. Viveash sighed. Cant possibly go to bed, she said, for another hour at least. They walked out into the street. The stars were large and brilliant overhead. There was a little wind that almost seemed to come from the country. Gumbril thought so, at any rate; he thought of the country. The question is, where? said Coleman. You can come to my bordello, if you like; but its a long way off and Zoe hates us all so much, shell probably set on us with the meat-chopper. If shes back again, that is. Though she may be out all night. Zoe mou, sas agapo. Shall we risk it? To me its quite indifferent, said Mrs. Viveash faintly, as though wholly preoccupied with expiring. Or theres my place, Gumbril said abruptly, as though shaking himself awake out of some dream. But you live still farther, dont you? said Coleman. With venerable parents, and so forth. One foot in the grave and all that. Shall we mingle hornpipes with funerals? He began to hum Chopins Funeral March at three times its proper speed, and seizing the young stranger in his arms, two-stepped two or three turns on the pavement, then released his hold and let him go reeling against the area railings. No, I dont mean the family mansion, said Gumbril. 234 I mean my own rooms. Theyre quite near. In Great Russell Street. I never knew you had any rooms, Theodore, said Mrs. Viveash. Nobody did. Why should they know now? Because the wind seemed almost a country wind? Theres drink there, he said. Splendid! cried the young man. They were all splendid people. Theres some gin, said Gumbril. Capital aphrodisiac! Coleman commented. Some light white wine. Diuretic. And some whisky. The great emetic, said Coleman. Come on. And he struck up the March of the Fascisti.  Giovinezza, giovinezza, primavera di bellezza .... The noise went fading down the dark, empty streets. The gin, the white wine, and even, for the sake of the young stranger, who wanted to sample everything, the emetic whisky, were produced. I like your rooms, said Mrs. Viveash, looking round her. And I resent your secrecy about them, Theodore. Drink, puppy! Coleman refilled the boys glass. Heres to secrecy, Gumbril proposed. Shut it tightly, keep it dark, cover it up. Be silent, prevaricate, lie outright. He laughed and drank. Do you remember, he went on, those instructive advertisements of Enos Fruit Salt they used to have when we were young? There was one little anecdote about a doctor who advised the hypochondriacal patient who had come to consult him, 235 to go and see Grimaldi, the clown; and the patient answered, I am Grimaldi. Do you remember? No, said Mrs. Viveash. And why do you? Oh, I dont know. Or rather, I do know, Gumbril corrected himself, and laughed again. The young man suddenly began to boast. I lost two hundred pounds yesterday playing chemin de fer , he said, and looked round for applause. Coleman patted his curly head. Delicious child! he said. Youre positively Hogarthian. Angrily, the boy pushed him away. What are you doing? he shouted; then turned and addressed himself once more to the others. I couldnt afford it, you knownot a bloody penny of it. Not my money, either. He seemed to find it exquisitely humorous. And that two hundred wasnt all, he added, almost expiring with mirth. Tell Coleman how you borrowed his beard, Theodore. Gumbril was looking intently into his glass, as though he hoped to see in its pale mixture of gin and Sauterne visions, as in a crystal, of the future. Mrs. Viveash touched him on the arm and repeated her injunction. Oh, that! said Gumbril rather irritably. No. It isnt an interesting story. Oh yes, it is! I insist, said Mrs. Viveash, commanding peremptorily from her death-bed. Gumbril drank his gin and Sauterne. Very well then, he said reluctantly, and began. I dont know what my governor will say, the young man put in once or twice. But nobody paid any attention to him. He relapsed into a sulky and, it seemed to him, very dignified silence. Under the warm, jolly tipsiness he felt a chill of foreboding. He poured out some more whisky. 236 Gumbril warmed to his anecdote. Expiringly Mrs. Viveash laughed from time to time, or smiled her agonizing smile. Coleman whooped like a Redskin. And after the concert to these rooms, said Gumbril. Well, let everything go. Into the mud. Leave it there, and let the dogs lift their hind legs over it as they pass. Ah! the genuine platonic fumblers, commented Coleman. I am Grimaldi, Gumbril laughed. Further than this it was difficult to see where the joke could go. There, on the couch, where Mrs. Viveash and Coleman were now sitting, she had lain sleeping in his arms. Towsing, in Elizabethan, said Coleman. Unreal, eternal in the secret darkness. A night that was an eternal parenthesis among the other nights and days. I feel Im going to be sick, said the young man suddenly. He had wanted to go on silently and haughtily sulking; but his stomach declined to take part in the dignified game. Good Lord! said Gumbril, and jumped up. But before he could do anything effective, the young man had fulfilled his own prophecy. The real charm about debauchery, said Coleman philosophically, is its total pointlessness, futility, and above all its incredible tediousness. If it really were all roses and exhilaration, as these poor children seem to imagine, it would be no better than going to church or studying the higher mathematics. I should never touch a drop of wine or another harlot again. It would be against my principles. I told you it was emetic, he called to the young man. And what are your principles? asked Mrs. Viveash. 237 Oh, strictly ethical, said Coleman. Youre responsible for this creature, said Gumbril, pointing to the young man, who was sitting on the floor near the fireplace, cooling his forehead against the marble of the mantelpiece. You must take him away. Really, what a bore! His nose and mouth were all wrinkled up with disgust. Im sorry, the young man whispered. He kept his eyes shut and his face was exceedingly pale. But with pleasure, said Coleman. Whats your name? he asked the young man, and where do you live? My name is Porteous, murmured the young man. Good lord! cried Gumbril, letting himself fall on to the couch beside Mrs. Viveash. Thats the last straw! 238 CHAPTER XVII The two oclock snorted out of Charing Cross, but no healths were drunk, this time, to Viscount Lascelles. A desiccating sobriety made arid the corner of the third-class carriage in which Gumbril was sitting. His thoughts were an interminable desert of sand, with not a palm in sight, not so much as a comforting mirage. Once again he fumbled in his breast-pocket, brought out and unfolded the flimsy paper. Once more he read. How many times had he read before? Your telegram made me very unhappy. Not merely because of the accidentthough it made me shudder to think that something terrible might have happened, poor darlingbut also, selfishly, my own disappointment. I had looked forward so much. I had made a picture of it all so clearly. I should have met you at the station with the horse and trap from the Chequers, and wed have driven back to the cottageand youd have loved the cottage. Wed have had tea and Id have made you eat an egg with it after your journey. Then wed have gone for a walk; through the most heavenly wood I found yesterday to a place where theres a wonderful viewmiles and miles of it. And wed have wandered on and on, and sat down under the trees, and the sun would have set, and the twilight would slowly have come to an end, and wed have gone home again and found the lamps lighted and supper readynot 239 very grand, Im afraid, for Mrs. Vole isnt the best of cooks. And then the piano; for there is a piano, and I had the tuner come specially from Hastings yesterday, so that it isnt so bad now. And youd have played; and perhaps I would have made my noises on it. And at last it would have been time for candles and bed. When I heard you were coming, Theodore, I told Mrs. Vole a lie about you. I said you were my husband, because shes fearfully respectable, of course; and it would dreadfully disturb her if you werent. But I told myself that, too. I meant that you should be. You see, I tell you everything. Im not ashamed. I wanted to give you everything I could, and then we should always be together, loving one another. And I should have been your slave, I should have been your property and lived inside your life. But you would always have had to love me. And then, just as I was getting ready to go and call at the Chequers for the horse and trap, your telegram came. I saw the word accident, and I imagined you all bleeding and smashedoh, dreadful, dreadful. But then, when you seemed to make rather a joke of itwhy did you say a little indisposed? that seemed, somehow, so stupid, I thoughtand said you were coming to-morrow, it wasnt that which upset me; it was the dreadful, dreadful disappointment. It was like a stab, that disappointment; it hurt so terribly, so unreasonably much. It made me cry and cry, so that I thought I should never be able to stop. And then, gradually, I began to see that the pain of the disappointment wasnt unreasonably great. It wasnt merely a question of your coming being put off for a day; it was a question of its being put off for ever, of my never seeing you again. I saw that that accident had been something 240 really arranged by Providence. It was meant to warn me and show me what I ought to do. I saw how hopelessly impracticable the happiness I had been imagining really was. I saw that you didnt, you couldnt love me in anything like the same way as I loved you. I was only a curious adventure, a new experience, a means to some other end. Mind, Im not blaming you in the least. Im only telling you what is true, what I gradually came to realize as true. If youd comewhat then? Id have given you everything, my body, my mind, my soul, my whole life. Id have twisted myself into the threads of your life. And then, when in due course you wanted to make an end to this curious little adventure, you would have had to cut the tangle and it would have killed me; it would also have hurt you. At least I think it would. In the end, I thanked God for the accident which had prevented you coming. In this way, Providence lets us off very lightlyyou with a bruise or two for I do hope it really is nothing, my precious darling, and me with a bruise inside, round the heart. But both will get well quite soon. And all our lives, we shall have an afternoon under the trees, an evening of music and in the darkness, a night, an eternity of happiness, to look back on. I shall go away from Robertsbridge at once. Good-bye, Theodore. What a long letter! The last youll ever get from me. The lastwhat a dreadful hurting word that is. I shall take it to post at once, for fear, if I leave it, I may be weak enough to change my mind and let you come to-morrow. I shall take it at once, then I shall come home again and pack up and tell some new fib to Mrs. Vole. And after that, perhaps I shall allow myself to cry again. Good-bye. Aridly, the desert of sand stretched out with not a tree 241 and not even a mirage, except perhaps the vague and desperate hope that he might get there before she started, that she might conceivably have changed her mind. Ah, if only hed read the letter a little earlier! But he hadnt woken up before eleven, he hadnt been down before half-past. Sitting at the breakfast-table, he had read the letter through. The eggs and bacon had grown still colder, if that was possible, than they were. He had read it through, he had rushed to the A.B.C. There was no practicable train before the two oclock. If he had taken the seven-twenty-seven he would certainly have got there before she started. Ah, if only he had woken up a little earlier! But then he would have had to go to bed a little earlier. And in order to go to bed earlier, he would have had to abandon Mrs. Viveash before she had bored herself to that ultimate point of fatigue at which she did at last feel ready for repose. And to abandon Mrs. Viveashah, that was really impossible, she wouldnt allow herself to be left alone. If only he hadnt gone to the London Library yesterday! A wanton, unnecessary visit it had been. For after all, the journey was short; he didnt need a book for the train. And the Life of Beckford , for which he had asked, proved, of course, to be outand he had been utterly incapable of thinking of any other book, among the two or three hundred thousand on the shelves, that he wanted to read. And, in any case, what the devil did he want with a Life of Beckford ? Hadnt he his own life, the life of Gumbril, to attend to? Wasnt one life enough, without making superfluous visits to the London Library in search of other lives? And then what a stroke of bad luck to have run into Mrs. 242 Viveash at that very moment! What an abject weakness to have let himself be bullied into sending that telegram. A little indisposed.... Oh, my God! Gumbril shut his eyes and ground his teeth together; he felt himself blushing with a retrospective shame. And of course it was quite useless taking the train, like this, to Robertsbridge. Shed be gone, of course. Still, there was always the desperate hope. There was the mirage across the desiccated plains, the mirage one knew to be deceptive and which, on a second glance, proved not even to be a mirage, but merely a few livery spots behind the eyes. Still, it was amply worth doingas a penance, and to satisfy the conscience and to deceive oneself with an illusion of action. And then the fact that he was to have spent the afternoon with Rosie and had put her offthat too was highly satisfying. And not merely put her off, butultimate clownery in the worst of deliriously bad tasteplayed a joke on her. Impossible come to you, meet me 213 Sloane Street, second floor, a little indisposed. He wondered how shed get on with Mr. Mercaptan; for it was to his rococo boudoir and Crébillon-souled sofa that he had on the spur of the clownish moment, as he dashed into the post office on the way to the station, sent her. Aridly, the desiccated waste extended. Had she been right in her letter? Would it really have lasted no more than a little while, and ended as she prophesied, with an agonizing cutting of the tangle? Or could it be that she had held out the one hope of happiness? Wasnt she perhaps the one unique being with whom he might have learned to await in quietness the final coming of that lovely terrible thing, from before the sound of whose secret footsteps 243 more than once and oh! ignobly he had fled? He could not decide, it was impossible to decide until he had seen her again, till he had possessed her, mingled his life with hers. And now she had eluded him; for he knew very well that he would not find her. He sighed and looked out of the window. The train pulled up at a small suburban station. Suburban, for though London was already some way behind, the little sham half-timbered houses near the station, the newer tile and rough-cast dwellings farther out on the slope of the hill proclaimed with emphasis the presence of the business man, the holder of the season ticket. Gumbril looked at them with a pensive disgust which must have expressed itself on his features; for the gentleman sitting in the corner of the carriage facing his, suddenly leaned forward, tapped him on the knee, and said, I see you agree with me, sir, that there are too many people in the world. Gumbril, who up till now had merely been aware that somebody was sitting opposite him, now looked with more attention at the stranger. He was a large, square old gentleman of robust and flourishing appearance, with a face of wrinkled brown parchment and a white moustache that merged, in a handsome curve, with a pair of side whiskers, in a manner which reminded one of the photographs of the Emperor Francis Joseph. I perfectly agree with you, sir, Gumbril answered. If he had been wearing his beard, he would have gone on to suggest that loquacious old gentlemen in trains are among the supernumeraries of the planet. As it was, however he spoke with courtesy, and smiled in his most engaging fashion. When I look at all these revolting houses, the old 244 gentleman continued, shaking his fist at the snuggeries of the season-ticket holders, I am filled with indignation. I feel my spleen ready to burst, sir, ready to burst. I can sympathize with you, said Gumbril. The architecture is certainly not very soothing. Its not the architecture I mind so much, retorted the old gentleman, thats merely a question of art, and all nonsense so far as Im concerned. What disgusts me is the people inside the architecture, the number of them, sir. And the way they breed. Like maggots, sir, like maggots. Millions of them, creeping about the face of the country, spreading blight and dirt wherever they go; ruining everything. Its the people I object to. Ah well, said Gumbril, if you will have sanitary conditions that dont allow plagues to flourish properly; if you will tell mothers how to bring up their children, instead of allowing nature to kill them off in her natural way; if you will import unlimited supplies of corn and meat what can you expect? Of course the numbers go up. The old gentleman waved all this away. I dont care what the causes are, he said. Thats all one to me. What I do object to, sir, is the effects. Why sir, I am old enough to remember walking through the delicious meadows beyond Swiss Cottage, I remember seeing the cows milked in West Hampstead, sir. And now, what do I see now, when I go there? Hideous red cities pullulating with Jews, sir. Pullulating with prosperous Jews. Am I right in being indignant, sir? Do I do well, like the prophet Jonah, to be angry? You do, sir, said Gumbril, with growing enthusiasm, and the more so since this frightful increase in population is the worlds most formidable danger at the present time. 245 With populations that in Europe alone expand by millions every year, no political foresight is possible. A few years of this mere bestial propagation will suffice to make nonsense of the wisest schemes of to-dayor would suffice, he hastened to correct himself, if any wise schemes were being matured at the present. Very possibly, sir, said the old gentleman, but what I object to is seeing good cornland being turned into streets, and meadows, where cows used to graze, covered with houses full of useless and disgusting human beings. I resent seeing the country parcelled out into back gardens. And is there any prospect, Gumbril earnestly asked, of our ever being able in the future to support the whole of our population? Will unemployment ever decrease? I dont know, sir, the old gentleman replied. But the families of the unemployed will certainly increase. You are right, sir, said Gumbril, they will. And the families of the employed and the prosperous will as steadily grow smaller. It is regrettable that birth control should have begun at the wrong end of the scale. There seems to be a level of poverty below which it doesnt seem worth while practising birth control, and a level of education below which birth control is regarded as morally wrong. Strange, how long it has taken for the ideas of love and procreation to dissociate themselves in the human mind. In the majority of minds they are still, even in this so-called twentieth century, indivisibly wedded. Still, he continued hopefully, progress is being made, progress is certainly, though slowly, being made. It is gratifying to find, for example, in the latest statistics, that the clergy, as a class, are now remarkable for the smallness of their families. The old jest is out of date. Is it too much to hope that 246 these gentlemen may bring themselves in time to preach what they already practise? It is too much to hope, sir, the old gentleman answered with decision. You are probably right, said Gumbril. If we were all to preach all the things we all practise, continued the old gentleman, the world would soon be a pretty sort of bear-garden, I can tell you. Yes, and a monkey-house. And a wart-hoggery. As it is, sir, it is merely a place where there are too many human beings. Vice must pay its tribute to virtue, or else we are all undone. I admire your wisdom, sir, said Gumbril. The old gentleman was delighted. And I have been much impressed by your philosophical reflections, he said. Tell me, are you at all interested in old brandy? Well, not philosophically, said Gumbril. As a mere empiric only. As a mere empiric! The old gentleman laughed. Then let me beg you to accept a case. I have a cellar which I shall never drink dry, alas! before I die. My only wish is that what remains of it shall be distributed among those who can really appreciate it. In you, sir, I see a fitting recipient of a case of brandy. You overwhelm me, said Gumbril. You are too kind, and, I may add, too flattering. The train, which was a mortally slow one, came grinding for what seemed the hundredth time to a halt. Not at all, said the old gentleman. If you have a card, sir. Gumbril searched his pockets. I have come without one. Never mind, said the old gentleman. I think I 247 have a pencil. If you will give me your name and address, I will have the case sent to you at once. Leisurely, he hunted for the pencil, he took out a notebook. The train gave a jerk forward. Now, sir, he said. Gumbril began dictating. Theodore, he said slowly. Theodore, the old gentleman repeated, syllable by syllable. The train crept on, with slowly gathering momentum, through the station. Happening to look out of the window at this moment, Gumbril saw the name of the place painted across a lamp. It was Robertsbridge. He made a loud, inarticulate noise, flung open the door of the compartment, stepped out on to the footboard and jumped. He landed safely on the platform, staggered forward a few paces with his acquired momentum and came at last to a halt. A hand reached out and closed the swinging door of his compartment and, an instant afterwards, through the window, a face that, at a distance, looked more than ever like the face of the Emperor Francis Joseph, looked back towards the receding platform. The mouth opened and shut; no words were audible. Standing on the platform, Gumbril made a complicated pantomime, signifying his regret by shrugging his shoulders and placing his hand on his heart; urging in excuse for his abrupt departure the necessity under which he laboured of alighting at this particular stationwhich he did by pointing at the name on the boards and lamps, then at himself, then at the village across the fields. The old gentleman waved his hand, which still held, Gumbril noticed, the notebook in which he had been writing. Then the train carried him out of sight. There went the only case of old brandy he was ever likely to possess, thought 248 Gumbril sadly, as he turned away. Suddenly, he remembered Emily again; for a long time he had quite forgotten her. The cottage, when at last he found it, proved to be fully as picturesque as he had imagined. And Emily, of course, had gone, leaving, as might have been expected, no address. He took the evening train back to London. The aridity was now complete, and even the hope of a mirage had vanished. There was no old gentleman to make a diversion. The size of clergymens families, even the fate of Europe, seemed unimportant now, were indeed perfectly indifferent to him. 249 CHAPTER XVIII Two hundred and thirteen Sloane Street. The address, Rosie reflected, as she vaporized synthetic lilies of the valley over all her sinuous person, was decidedly a good one. It argued a reasonable prosperity, attested a certain distinction. The knowledge of his address confirmed her already high opinion of the bearded stranger who had so surprisingly entered her life, as though in fulfilment of all the fortune-tellers prophecies that ever were made; had entered, yes, and intimately made himself at home. She had been delighted, when the telegram came that morning, to think that at last she was going to find out something more about this man of mystery. For dark and mysterious he had remained, remote even in the midst of the most intimate contacts. Why, she didnt even know his name. Call me Toto, he had suggested, when she asked him what it was. And Toto she had had to call him, for lack of anything more definite or committal. But to-day he was letting her further into his secret. Rosie was delighted. Her pink underclothing, she decided, as she looked in the long glass, was really ravishing. She examined herself, turning first one way, then the other, looking over her shoulder to see the effect from behind. She pointed a toe, bent and straightened a knee, applauding the length of her legs Most women, Toto had said, are like dachshunds, 250 their slenderness and plump suavity of form. In their white stockings of Milanese silk they looked delicious; and how marvellously, by the way, those Selfridge people had mended those stockings by their new patent process! Absolutely like new, and only charged four shillings. Well, it was time to dress. Good-bye, then, to the pink underclothing and the long white legs. She opened the wardrobe door. The moving glass reflected, as it swung through its half-circle, pink bed, rose-wreathed walls, little friends of her own age, and the dying saint at his last communion. Rosie selected the frock she had bought the other day at one of those little shops in Soho, there they sell such smart things so cheaply to a clientage of minor actresses and cocottes. Toto hadnt seen it yet. She looked extremely distinguished in it. The little hat, with its inch of veil hanging like a mask, unconcealing and inviting, from the brim, suited her to perfection. One last dab of powder, one last squirt of synthetic lilies of the valley, and she was ready. She closed the door behind her. St. Jerome was left to communicate in the untenanted pinkness. Mr. Mercaptan sat at his writing-tablean exquisitely amusing affair in papier mâché, inlaid with floral decorations in mother-of-pearl and painted with views of Windsor Castle and Tintern in the romantic manner of Prince Alberts later dayspolishing to its final and gem-like perfection one of his middle articles. It was on a splendid subjectthe Jus Primæ Noctis, or Droit du Seigneurthat delicious droit , wrote Mr. Mercaptan, on which, one likes to think, the Sovereigns of England insist so firmly in their motto, Dieu et mon Droitde Seigneur . That was charming, Mr. Mercaptan thought, as he read it through. And he liked that bit which began elegiacally But, 251 alas! the Right of the First Night belongs to a Middle Age as mythical, albeit happily different, as those dismal epochs invented by Morris or by Chesterton. The Lords right, as we prettily imagine it, is a figment of the baroque imagination of the seventeenth century. It never existed. Or at least it did exist, but as something deplorably different from what we love to picture it. And he went on, eruditely, to refer to that Council of Carthage which, in 398, demanded of the faithful that they should be continent on their wedding-night. It was the Lords rightthe droit of a heavenly Seigneur. On this text of fact, Mr. Mercaptan went on to preach a brilliant sermon on that melancholy sexual perversion known as continence. How much happier we all should be if the real historical droit du Seigneur had in fact been the mythical right of our pretty prurient imaginations! He looked forward to a golden age when all should be seigneurs possessing rights that should have broadened down into universal liberty. And so on. Mr. Mercaptan read through his creation with a smile of satisfaction on his face. Every here and there he made a careful correction in red ink. Over pretty prurient imaginations his pen hung for a full minute in conscientious hesitation. Wasnt it perhaps a little too strongly alliterative, a shade, perhaps, cheap? Perhaps pretty lascivious or delicate prurient would be better. He repeated the alternatives several times, rolling the sound of them round his tongue, judicially, like a tea-taster. In the end, he decided that pretty prurient was right. Pretty prurientthey were the mots justes , decidedly, without a question. Mr. Mercaptan had just come to this decision and his poised pen was moving farther down the page, when he was 252 disturbed by the sound of arguing voices in the corridor, outside his room. What is it, Mrs. Goldie? he called irritably, for it was not difficult to distinguish his housekeepers loud and querulous tones. He had given orders that he was not to be disturbed. In these critical moments of correction one needed such absolute tranquillity. But Mr. Mercaptan was to have no tranquillity this afternoon. The door of his sacred boudoir was thrown rudely open, and there strode in, like a Goth into the elegant marble vomitorium of Petronius Arbiter, a haggard and dishevelled person whom Mr. Mercaptan recognized, with a certain sense of discomfort, as Casimir Lypiatt. To what do I owe the pleasure of this unexpected...? Mr. Mercaptan began with an essay in offensive courtesy. But Lypiatt, who had no feeling for the finer shades, coarsely interrupted him. Look here, Mercaptan, he said. I want to have a talk with you. Delighted, Im sure, Mr. Mercaptan replied. And what , may I ask, about? He knew, of course, perfectly well; and the prospect of the talk disturbed him. About this, said Lypiatt; and he held out what looked like a roll of paper. Mr. Mercaptan took the roll and opened it out. It was a copy of the Weekly World . Ah! said Mr. Mercaptan, in a tone of delighted surprise,  The World . You have read my little article? That was what I wanted to talk to you about, said Lypiatt. Mr. Mercaptan modestly laughed. It hardly deserves it, he said. 253 Preserving a calm of expression which was quite unnatural to him, and speaking in a studiedly quiet voice, Lypiatt pronounced with careful deliberation It is a disgusting, malicious, ignoble attack on me, he said. Come, come ! protested Mr. Mercaptan. A critic must be allowed to criticize. But there are limits, said Lypiatt. Oh, I quite agree, Mr. Mercaptan eagerly conceded. But, after all, Lypiatt, you cant pretend that I have come anywhere near those limits. If I had called you a mur derer, or even an adul tererthen, I admit, you would have some cause to complain. But I havent. Theres nothing like a personality in the whole thing. Lypiatt laughed derisively, and his face went all to pieces, like a pool of water into which a stone is suddenly dropped. Youve merely said I was insincere, an actor, a mountebank, a quack, raving fustian, spouting mock heroics. Thats all. Mr. Mercaptan put on the expression of one who feels himself injured and misunderstood. He shut his eyes, he flapped deprecatingly with his hand. I merely suggested, he said, that you protest too much. You defeat your own ends; you lose emphasis by trying to be over-emphatic. All this folie de grandeur , all this hankering after terribiltà  sagely Mr. Mercaptan shook his head, its led so many people astray. And, in any case, you cant really expect me to find it very sympathetic. Mr. Mercaptan uttered a little laugh and looked affectionately round his boudoir, his retired and perfumed poutery within whose walls so much civilization had finely flowered. He looked at his magnificent sofa, gilded and carved, upholstered in white satin, and so deepfor it was a great square piece of 254 furniture, almost as broad as it was longthat when you sat right back, you had of necessity to lift your feet from the floor and recline at length. It was under the white satin that Crébillons spirit found, in these late degenerate days, a sympathetic home. He looked at his exquisite Condor fans over the mantelpiece; his lovely Marie Laurencin of two young girls, pale-skinned and berry-eyed, walking embraced in a shallow myopic landscape amid a troop of bounding heraldic dogs. He looked at his cabinet of bibelots in the corner where the nigger mask and the superb Chinese phallus in sculptured rock crystal contrasted so amusingly with the Chelsea china, the little ivory Madonna, which might be a fake, but in any case was quite as good as any mediæval French original, and the Italian medals. He looked at his comical writing-desk in shining black papier mâché and mother-of-pearl; he looked at his article on the Jus Primæ Noctis, black and neat on the page, with the red corrections attesting his tireless search for, and his, he flattered himself, almost invariable discovery of, the inevitable word. No, really, one couldnt expect him to find Lypiatts notions very sympathetic. But I dont expect you to, said Lypiatt, and, good God! I dont want you to. But you call me insincere. Thats what I cant and wont stand. How dare you do that? His voice was growing louder. Once more Mr. Mercaptan deprecatingly flapped. At the most, he corrected, I said that there was a certain look of insincerity about some of the pictures. Hardly avoidable, indeed, in work of this kind. Quite suddenly, Lypiatt lost his self-control. All the accumulated anger and bitterness of the last days burst out. His show had been a hopeless failure. Not a picture sold, 255 a press that was mostly bad, or, when good, that had praised for the wrong, the insulting reasons. Bright and effective work. Mr. Lypiatt would make an excellent stage designer. Damn them! damn them! And then, when the dailies had all had their yelp, here was Mercaptan in the Weekly World taking him as a text for what was practically an essay on insincerity in art. How dare you? he furiously shouted. Youhow dare you talk about sincerity? What can you know about sincerity, you disgusting little bug! And avenging himself on the person of Mr. Mercaptan against the world that had neglected him, against the fate that had denied him his rightful share of talent, Lypiatt sprang up and, seizing the author of the Jus Primæ Noctis by the shoulders, he shook him, he bumped him up and down in his chair, he cuffed him over the head. How can you have the impudence, he asked, letting go of his victim, but still standing menacingly over him, to touch anything that even attempts to be decent and big? All these years, these wretched years of poverty and struggle and courageous hope and failure and repeated disappointment; and now this last failure, more complete than all. He was trembling with anger; at least one forgot unhappiness while one was angry. Mr. Mercaptan had recovered from his first terrified surprise. Really, really  he repeated,  too barbarous. Scuffling like hobbledehoys. If you knew, Lypiatt began; but he checked himself. If you knew, he was going to say, what those things had cost me, what they meant, what thought, what passionBut how could Mercaptan understand? And it would sound as though he were appealing to this creatures sympathy. Bug! he shouted instead, bug! And he struck out 256 again with the flat of his hand. Mr. Mercaptan put up his hands and ducked away from the slaps, blinking. Really, he protested,  really .... Insincere? Perhaps it was half true. Lypiatt seized his man more furiously than before and shook him, shook him. And then that vile insult about the vermouth advertisement, he cried out. That had rankled. Those flaring, vulgar posters! You thought you could mock me and spit at me with impunity, did you? Ive stood it so long, you thought Id always stand it? Was that it? But youre mistaken. He lifted his fist. Mr. Mercaptan cowered away, raising his arm to protect his head. Vile bug of a coward, said Lypiatt, why dont you defend yourself like a man? You can only be dangerous with words. Very witty and spiteful and cutting about those vermouth posters, wasnt it? But you wouldnt dare to fight me if I challenged you. Well, as a matter of fact , said Mr. Mercaptan, peering up from under his defences, I didnt invent that particular piece of criticism. I borrowed the apéritif . He laughed feebly, more canary than bull. You borrowed it, did you? Lypiatt contemptuously repeated. And who from, may I ask? Not that it interested him in the least to know. Well, if you really want to know, said Mr. Mercaptan, it was from our friend Myra Viveash. Lypiatt stood for a moment without speaking, then putting his menacing hand in his pocket, he turned away. Oh! he said noncommittally, and was silent again. Relieved, Mr. Mercaptan sat up in his chair; with the palm of his right hand he smoothed his dishevelled head. Airily, outside in the sunshine, Rosie walked down Sloane 257 Street, looking at the numbers on the doors of the houses. A hundred and ninety-nine, two hundred, two hundred and oneshe was getting near now. Perhaps all the people who passed, strolling so easily and elegantly and disengagedly along, perhaps they all of them carried behind their eyes a secret, as delightful and amusing as hers. Rosie liked to think so; it made life more exciting. How nonchalantly distinguished, Rosie reflected, she herself must look. Would any one who saw her now, sauntering along like this, would any one guess that, ten houses farther down the street, a young poet, or at least very nearly a young poet, was waiting, on the second floor, eagerly for her arrival? Of course they wouldnt and couldnt guess! That was the fun and the enormous excitement of the whole thing. Formidable in her light-hearted detachment, formidable in the passion which at will she could give rein to and check again, the great lady swam beautifully along through the sunlight to satisfy her caprice. Like Diana, she stooped over the shepherd boy. Eagerly the starving young poet waited, waited in his garret. Two hundred and twelve, two hundred and thirteen. Rosie looked at the entrance and was reminded that the garret couldnt after all be very sordid, nor the young poet absolutely starving. She stepped in and, standing in the hall, looked at the board with the names. Ground floor Mrs. Budge. First floor F. de M. Rowbotham. Second floor P. Mercaptan. P. Mercaptan.... But it was a charming name, a romantic name, a real young poets name! Mercaptanshe felt more than ever pleased with her selection. The fastidious lady could not have had a happier caprice. Mercaptan ... Mercaptan.... She wondered what the P. stood for. Peter, Philip, Patrick, Pendennis even? She 258 could hardly have guessed that Mr. Mercaptans father, the eminent bacteriologist, had insisted, thirty-four years ago, on calling his first-born Pasteur. A little tremulous, under her outward elegant calm, Rosie mounted the stairs. Twenty-five steps to the first floorone flight of thirteen, which was rather disagreeably ominous, and one of twelve. Then two flights of eleven, and she was on the second landing, facing a front door, a bell-push like a round eye, a brass name-plate. For a great lady thoroughly accustomed to this sort of thing, she felt her heart beating rather unpleasantly fast. It was those stairs, no doubt. She halted a moment, took two deep breaths, then pushed the bell. The door was opened by an aged servant of the most forbiddingly respectable appearance. Mr. Mercaptan at home? The person at the door burst at once into a long, rambling, angry complaint, but precisely about what Rosie could not for certain make out. Mr. Mercaptan had left orders, she gathered, that he wasnt to be disturbed. But some one had come and disturbed him, fairly shoved his way in, so rude and inconsiderate, all the same. And now hed been once disturbed, she didnt see why he shouldnt be disturbed again. But she didnt know what things were coming to if people fairly shoved their way in like that. Bolshevism, she called it. Rosie murmured her sympathies, and was admitted into a dark hall. Still querulously denouncing the Bolsheviks who came shoving in, the person led the way down a corridor and, throwing open a door, announced, in a tone of grievance A lady to see you, Master Pasterfor Mrs. Goldie was an old family retainer, and one of the few who 259 knew the Secret of Mr. Mercaptans Christian name, one of the fewer still who were privileged to employ it. Then, as soon as Rosie had stepped across the threshold, she cut off her retreat with a bang and went off, muttering all the time, towards her kitchen. It certainly wasnt a garret. Half a glance, the first whiff of pot-pourri, the feel of the carpet beneath her feet, had been enough to prove that. But it was not the room which occupied Rosies attention, it was its occupants. One of them, thin, sharp-featured and, in Rosies very young eyes, quite old, was standing with an elbow on the mantelpiece. The other, sleeker and more genial in appearance, was sitting in front of a writing-desk near the window. And neither of themRosie glanced desperately from one to the other, hoping vainly that she might have overlooked a blond beardneither of them was Toto. The sleek man at the writing-desk got up, advanced to meet her. An unexpected pleasure, he said, in a voice that alternately boomed and fluted.  Too delightful! But to what do I owe? Who , may I ask? He had held out his hand; automatically Rosie proffered hers. The sleek man shook it with cordiality, almost with tenderness. I ... I think I must have made a mistake, she said. Mr. Mercaptan...? The sleek man smiled. I am Mr. Mercaptan. You live on the second floor? I never laid claims to being a mathematician, said the sleek man, smiling as though to applaud himself, but I have always calculated that ... he hesitated ...  enfin, que ma demeure se trouve, en effet , on the second 260 floor. Lypiatt will bear me out, Im sure. He turned to the thin man, who had not moved from the fireplace, but had stood all the time motionlessly, his elbow on the mantelpiece, looking gloomily at the ground. Lypiatt looked up. I must be going, he said abruptly. And he walked towards the door. Like vermouth posters, like vermouth posters!so that was Myras piece of mockery! All his anger had sunk like a quenched flame. He was altogether quenched, put out with unhappiness. Politely Mr. Mercaptan hurried across the room and opened the door for him.  Good -bye, then, he said airily. Lypiatt did not speak, but walked out into the hall. The front door banged behind him. Well, well , said Mr. Mercaptan, coming back across the room to where Rosie was still irresolutely standing. Talk about the furor poeticus ! But do sit down, I beg you. On Crébillon. He indicated the vast white satin sofa. I call it Crébillon, he explained, because the soul of that great writer undoubtedly tenants it, undoubtedly . You know his book, of course? You know Le Sopha ? Sinking into Crébillons soft lap, Rosie had to admit that she didnt know Le Sopha . She had begun to recover her self-possession. If this wasnt the young poet, it was certainly a young poet. And a very peculiar one, too. As a great lady she laughingly accepted the odd situation. Not know Le Sopha ? exclaimed Mr. Mercaptan. Oh! but, my dear and mysterious young lady, let me lend you a copy of it at once. No education can be called complete without a knowledge of that divine book. He darted to the bookshelf and came back with a small volume bound in white vellum. The heros soul, he explained, 261 handing her the volume, passes, by the laws of metempsychosis, into a sofa. He is doomed to remain a sofa until such time as two persons consummate upon his bosom their reciprocal and equal loves. The book is the record of the poor sofas hopes and disappointments. Dear me! said Rosie, looking at the title-page. But now, said Mr. Mercaptan, sitting down beside her on the edge of Crébillon, wont you please explain? To what happy quiproquo do I owe this sudden and altogether delightful invasion of my privacy? Well, said Rosie, and hesitated. It was really rather difficult to explain. I was to meet a friend of mine. Quite so, said Mr. Mercaptan encouragingly. Who sent me a telegram, Rosie went on. He sent you a telegram! Mr. Mercaptan echoed. Changing thethe place we had fixed and telling me to meet him at this address. Here? Rose nodded. On the ssecond floor, she made it more precise. But I live on the second floor, said Mr. Mercaptan. You dont mean to say your friend is also called Mercaptan and lives here too? Rosie smiled. I dont know what hes called, she said with a cool ironical carelessness that was genuinely grande dame . You dont know his name? Mr. Mercaptan gave a roar and a squeal of delighted laughter. But thats too good, he said. Ssecond floor, he wrote in the telegram. Rosie was now perfectly at her ease. When I saw your name, I thought it was his name. I must say, she added, looking 262 sideways at Mr. Mercaptan and at once dropping the magnolia petals of her eyelids, it seemed to me a very charming name. You overwhelm me, said Mr. Mercaptan, smiling all over his cheerful, snouty face. As for your nameI am too discreet a galantuomo to ask. And, in any case, what does it matter? A rose by any other name.... But, as a matter of fact, she said, raising and lowering once again her smooth, white lids, my name does happen to be Rose; or, at any rate, Rosie. So you are sweet by right! exclaimed Mr. Mercaptan, with a pretty gallantry which he was the first to appreciate. Lets order tea on the strength of it. He jumped up and rang the bell. How I congratulate myself on this astonishing piece of good fortune! Rosie said nothing. This Mr. Mercaptan, she thought, seemed to be even more a man of the great artistic world than Toto. What puzzles me, he went on, is why your anonymous friend should have chosen my address out of all the millions of others. He must know me, or, at any rate, know about me. I should imagine, said Rosie, that you have a lot of friends. Mr. Mercaptan laughedthe whole orchestra, from bassoon to piccolo.  Des amis, des amies with and without the mute e, he declared. The aged and forbidding servant appeared at the door. Tea for two, Mrs. Goldie. Mrs. Goldie looked round the room suspiciously. The other gentlemans gone, has he? she asked. And having assured herself of his absence, she renewed her complaint. 263 Shoving in like that, she said. Bolshevism, thats what I All right, all right, Mrs. Goldie. Lets have our tea as quickly as possible. Mr. Mercaptan held up his hand, authoritatively, with the gesture of a policeman controlling the traffic. Very well, Master Paster. Mrs. Goldie spoke with resignation and departed. But tell me, Mr. Mercaptan went on, if it isnt indiscreetwhat does your friend look like? Wwell, Rosie answered, hes fair, and though hes quite young he wears a beard. With her two hands she indicated on her own unemphatic bosom the contours of Totos broad blond fan. A beard! But, good heavens, Mr. Mercaptan slapped his thigh, its Coleman, its obviously and undoubtedly Coleman! Well, whoever it was, said Rosie severely, he played a very stupid sort of joke. For which I thank him. De tout mon cœur.  Rosie smiled and looked sideways. All the same, she said, I shall give him a piece of my mind. Poor Aunt Aggie! Oh, poor Aunt Aggie, indeed! In the light of Mr. Mercaptans boudoir her hammered copper and her leadless glaze certainly did look a bit comical. After tea Mr. Mercaptan played cicerone in a tour of inspection round the room. They visited the papier mâché writing-desk, the Condor fans, the Marie Laurencin, the 1914 edition of Du Côté de chez Swann , the Madonna that probably was a fake, the nigger mask, the Chelsea figures, the Chinese object of art in sculptured crystal, the scale model of Queen Victoria in wax under a glass 264 bell. Toto, it became clear, had been no more than a forerunner; the definitive revelation was Mr. Mercaptans. Yes, poor Aunt Aggie! And indeed, when Mr. Mercaptan began to read her his little middle on the Droit du Seigneur, it was poor everybody. Poor mother, with her absurd, old-fashioned, prudish views; poor, earnest father, with his Unitarianism, his Hibbert Journal , his letters to the papers about the necessity for a spiritual regeneration. Bravo! she cried from the depths of Crébillon. She was leaning back in one corner, languid, serpentine, and at ease, her feet in their mottled snakes leather tucked up under her. Bravo! she cried as Mr. Mercaptan finished his reading and looked up for his applause. Mr. Mercaptan bowed. You express so exquisitely what we and waving her hand in a comprehensive gesture, she pictured to herself all the other fastidious ladies, all the marchionesses of fable, reclining, as she herself at this moment reclined, on upholstery of white satin, what we all only feel and arent clever enough to say. Mr. Mercaptan was charmed. He got up from before his writing-desk, crossed the room and sat down beside her on Crébillon. Feeling, he said, is the im port ant thing. Rosie remembered that her father had once remarked, in blank verse The things that matter happen in the heart. I quite agree, she said. Like movable raisins in the suet of his snouty face, Mr. Mercaptans brown little eyes rolled amorous avowals. He took Rosies hand and kissed it. Crébillon creaked discreetly as he moved a little nearer. 265 It was only the evening of the same day. Rosie lay on her sofaa poor, hire-purchase thing indeed, compared with Mr. Mercaptans grand affair in white satin and carved and gilded wood, but still a sofalay with her feet on the arm of it and her long suave legs exposed, by the slipping of the kimono, to the top of her stretched stockings. She was reading the little vellum-jacketed volume of Crébillon, which Mr. Mercaptan had given her when he said good-bye or rather,  À bientôt, mon amie ; given, not lent, as he had less generously offered at the beginning of their afternoon; given with the most graceful of allusive dedications inscribed on the fly-leaf To BY-NO-OTHER-NAME-AS-SWEET, With Gratitude , FROM CRÉBILLON DELIVERED. À bientôt she had promised to come again very soon. She thought of the essay on the Jus Primæ Noctisah! what weve all been feeling and none of us clever enough to say. We on the sofas, ruthless, lovely and fastidious.... I am proud to constitute myselfMr. Mercaptan had said of it lesprit descalier des dames galantes . Rosie was not quite sure what he meant; but it certainly sounded very witty indeed. She read the book slowly. Her French, indeed, wasnt good enough to permit her to read it anyhow else. She wished it were better. Perhaps it if were better she wouldnt be yawning like this. It was disgraceful she pulled herself 266 together. Mr. Mercaptan had said that, it was a masterpiece. In his study, Shearwater was trying to write his paper on the regulative functions of the kidneys. He was not succeeding. Why wouldnt she see me yesterday? he kept wondering. With anguish he suspected other lovers; desired her, in consequence, the more. Gumbril had said something, he remembered, that night they had met her by the coffee-stall. What was it? He wished now that he had listened more attentively. Shes bored with me. Already. It was obvious. Perhaps he was too rustic for her. Shearwater looked at his hands. Yes, the nails were dirty. He took an orange stick out of his waistcoat pocket and began to clean them. He had bought a whole packet of orange sticks that morning. Determinedly he took up his pen. The hydrogen ion concentration in the blood ... he began a new paragraph. But he got no further than the first seven words. If, he began thinking with a frightful confusion, ififif Past conditionals, hopelessly past. He might have been brought up more elegantly; his father, for example, might have been a barrister instead of a barristers clerk. He mightnt have had to work so hard when he was young; might have been about more, danced more, seen more young women. If he had met her years agoduring the war, should one say, dressed in the uniform of a lieutenant in the Guards.... He had pretended that he wasnt interested in women; that they had no effect on him; that, in fact, he was above that sort of thing. Imbecile! He might as well have said 267 that he was above having a pair of kidneys. He had only consented to admit, graciously, that they were a physiological necessity. O God, what a fool he had been! And then, what about Rosie? What sort of a life had she been having while he was being above that sort of thing? Now he came to think of it, he really knew nothing about her, except that she had been quite incapable of learning correctly, even by heart, the simplest facts about the physiology of frogs. Having found that out, he had really given up exploring further. How could he have been so stupid? Rosie had been in love with him, he supposed. Had he been in love with her? No. He had taken care not to be. On principle. He had married her as a measure of intimate hygiene; out of protective affection, too, certainly out of affection; and a little for amusement, as one might buy a puppy. Mrs. Viveash had opened his eyes; seeing her, he had also begun to notice Rosie. It seemed to him that he had been a loutish cad as well as an imbecile. What should he do about it? He sat for a long time wondering. In the end he decided that the best thing would be to go and tell Rosie all about it, all about everything. About Mrs. Viveash too? Yes, about Mrs. Viveash too. He would get over Mrs. Viveash more easily and more rapidly if he did. And he would begin to try and find out about Rosie. He would explore her. He would discover all the other things besides an incapacity to learn physiology that were in her. He would discover her, he would quicken his affection for her into something livelier and more urgent. 268 And they would begin again; more satisfactorily this time; with knowledge and understanding; wise from their experience. Shearwater got up from his chair before the writing-table, lurched pensively towards the door, bumping into the revolving bookcase and the arm-chair as he went, and walked down the passage to the drawing-room. Rosie did not turn her head as he came in, but went on reading without changing her position, her slippered feet still higher than her head, her legs still charmingly avowing themselves. Shearwater came to a halt in front of the empty fireplace. He stood there with his back to it, as though warming himself before an imaginary flame. It was, he felt, the safest, the most strategic point from which to talk. What are you reading? he asked.  Le Sopha , said Rosie. Whats that? Whats that? Rosie scornfully echoed. Why, its one of the great French classics. Who by? Crébillon the younger. Never heard of him, said Shearwater. There was a silence. Rosie went on reading. It just occurred to me, Shearwater began again in his rather ponderous, infelicitous way, that you mightnt be very happy, Rosie. Rosie looked up at him and laughed. What put that into your head? she asked.  I m perfectly happy. Shearwater was left a little at a loss. Well, Im very glad to hear it, he said. I only thought ... that perhaps you might think ... that I rather neglected you. 269 Rosie laughed again. What is all this about? she said. I have it rather on my conscience, said Shearwater. I begin to see ... something has made me see ... that Ive not.... I dont treat you very well.... But I dont nnotice it, I assure you, put in Rosie, still smiling. I leave you out too much, Shearwater went on with a kind of desperation, running his fingers through his thick brown hair. We dont share enough together. Youre too much outside my life. But after all, said Rosie, we are a civvilized couple. We dont want to live in one anothers pockets, do we? No, but were really no more than strangers, said Shearwater. That isnt right. And its my fault. Ive never tried to get into touch with your life. But you did your best to understand mine ... at the beginning of our marriage. Oh, thenn ! said Rosie, laughing. You found out what a little idiot I was. Dont make a joke of it, said Shearwater. It isnt a joke. Its very serious. I tell you, Ive come to see how stupid and inconsiderate and un-understanding Ive been with you. Ive come to see quite suddenly. The fact is, he went on with a rush, like an uncorked fountain, Ive been seeing a woman recently whom I like very much, and who doesnt like me. Speaking of Mrs. Viveash, unconsciously he spoke her language. For Mrs. Viveash people always euphemistically liked one another rather a lot, even when it was a case of the most frightful and excruciating passion, the most complete abandonments. 270 And somehow thats made me see a lot of things which Id been blind to beforeblind deliberately, I suppose. Its made me see, among other things, that Ive really been to blame towards you, Rosie. Rosie listened with an astonishment which she perfectly disguised. So James was embarking on his little affairs, was he? It seemed incredible, and also, as she looked at her husbands facethe face behind its bristlingly manly mask of a harassed babyalso rather pathetically absurd. She wondered who it could be. But she displayed no curiosity. She would find out soon enough. Im sorry you should have been unhappy about it, she said. Its finished now. Shearwater made a decided little gesture. Ah, no! said Rosie. You should persevere. She looked at him, smiling. Shearwater was taken aback by this display of easy detachment. He had imagined the conversation so very differently, as something so serious, so painful and, at the same time, so healing and soothing, that he did not know how to go on. But I thought, he said hesitatingly, that you ... that we ... after this experience ... I would try to get closer to you.... Oh, it sounded ridiculous! ... We might start again, from a different place, so to speak. But, cher ami , protested Rosie, with the inflection and in the preferred tongue of Mr. Mercaptan, you cant seriously expect us to do the Darby and Joan business, can you? Youre distressing yourself quite unnecessarily on my account. I dont find you neglect me or anything like it. You have your lifenaturally. And I have mine. We dont get in one anothers way. 271 But do you think thats the ideal sort of married life? asked Shearwater. Its obviously the most civvilized, Rosie answered, laughing. Confronted by Rosies civilization, Shearwater felt helpless. Well, if you dont want, he said. Id hoped ... Id thought.... He went back to his study to think things over. The more he thought them over, the more he blamed himself. And incessantly the memory of Mrs. Viveash tormented him. 272 CHAPTER XIX After leaving Mr. Mercaptan, Lypiatt had gone straight home. The bright day seemed to deride him. With its shining red omnibuses, its parasols, its muslin girls, its young-leaved trees, its bands at the street corners, it was too much of a garden party to be tolerable. He wanted to be alone. He took a cab back to the studio. He couldnt afford it, of course; but what did that matter, what did that matter now? The cab drove slowly and as though with reluctance down the dirty mews. He paid it off, opened his little door between the wide stable doors, climbed the steep ladder of his stairs and was at home. He sat down and tried to think. Death, death, death, death, he kept repeating to himself, moving his lips as though he were praying. If he said the word often enough, if he accustomed himself completely to the idea, death would come almost by itself; he would know it already, while he was still alive, he would pass almost without noticing out of life into death. Into death, he thought, into death. Death like a well. The stone falls, falls, second after second; and at last there is a sound, a far-off, horrible sound of death and then nothing more. The well at Carisbrooke, with a donkey to wind the wheel that pulls up the bucket of water, of icy water.... He thought for a long time of the well of death. Outside in the mews a barrel-organ struck up the tune 273 of Where do flies go in the winter-time? Lypiatt lifted his head to listen. He smiled to himself. Where do flies go? The question asked itself with a dramatic, a tragical appositeness. At the end of everythingthe last ludicrous touch. He saw it all from outside. He pictured himself sitting there alone, broken. He looked at his hand lying limp on the table in front of him. It needed only the stigma of the nail to make it the hand of a dead Christ. There, he was making literature of it again. Even now. He buried his face in his hands. His mind was full of twisted darkness, of an unspeakable, painful confusion. It was too difficult, too difficult. The inkpot, he found when he wanted to begin writing, contained nothing but a parched black sediment. He had been meaning for days past to get some more ink; and he had always forgotten. He would have to write in pencil. Do you remember, he wrote, do you remember, Myra, that time we went down into the countryyou rememberunder the Hogs Back at that little inn they were trying to make pretentious? Hotel Bulldo you remember? How we laughed over the Hotel Bull! And how we liked the country outside its doors! All the world in a few square miles. Chalk-pits and blue butterflies on the Hogs Back. And at the foot of the hill, suddenly, the sand; the hard, yellow sand with those queer caves, dug when and by what remote villains at the edge of the Pilgrims Way? the fine grey sand on which the heather of Puttenham Common grows. And the flagstaff and the inscription marking the place where Queen Victoria stood to look at the view. And the enormous sloping meadows round Compton and the thick, dark woods. And the lakes, the heaths, the Scotch firs at Cutt Mill. The forests of 274 Shackleford. There was everything. Do you remember how we enjoyed it all? I did, in any case. I was happy during those three days. And I loved you, Myra. And I thought you might, you might perhaps, some day, love me. You didnt. And my love has only brought me unhappiness. Perhaps it has been my fault. Perhaps I ought to have known how to make you give me happiness. You remember that wonderful sonnet of Michelangelos, where he says that the loved woman is like a block of marble from which the artist knows how to cut the perfect statue of his dreams. If the statue turns out a bad one, if its death instead of love that the lover getswhy, the fault lies in the artist and in the lover, not in the marble, not in the beloved. Amor dunque non ha, ne tua beltate, O fortuna, o durezza, o gran disdegno, Del mio mal colpa, o mio destino, o sorte. Se dentro del tuo cor morte e pietate Porti in un tempo, e chl mio basso ingegno Non sappia ardendo trarne altro che morte. Yes, it was my basso ingegno  my low genius which did not know how to draw love from you, nor beauty from the materials of which art is made. Ah, now youll smile to yourself and say Poor Casimir, he has come to admit that at last? Yes, yes, I have come to admit everything. That I couldnt paint, I couldnt write, I couldnt make music. That I was a charlatan and a quack. That I was a ridiculous actor of heroic parts who deserved to be laughed atand was laughed at. But then every man is ludicrous if you look at him from outside, without taking into account 275 whats going on in his heart and mind. You could turn Hamlet into an epigrammatic farce with an inimitable scene when he takes his adored mother in adultery. You could make the wittiest Guy de Maupassant short story out of the life of Christ, by contrasting the mad rabbis pretensions with his abject fate. Its a question of the point of view. Every ones a walking farce and a walking tragedy at the same time. The man who slips on a banana-skin and fractures his skull describes against the sky, as he falls, the most richly comical arabesque. And you, Myrawhat do you suppose the unsympathetic gossips say of you? What sort of a farce of the Boulevards is your life in their eyes? For me, Myra, you seem to move all the time through some nameless and incomprehensible tragedy. For them you are what? Merely any sort of a wanton, with amusing adventures. And what am I? A charlatan, a quack, a pretentious, boasting, rhodomontading imbecile, incapable of painting anything but vermouth posters. Why did that hurt so terribly? I dont know. There was no reason why you shouldnt think so if you wanted to. I was all that,and grotesquely laughable. And very likely your laughter was justified, your judgment was true. I dont know. I cant tell. Perhaps I am a charlatan. Perhaps Im insincere; boasting to others, deceiving myself. I dont know, I tell you. Everything is confusion in my mind now. The whole fabric seems to have tumbled to pieces; it lies in a horrible chaos. I can make no order within myself. Have I lied to myself? have I acted and postured the Great Man to persuade myself that I am one? have I something in me, or nothing? have I ever achieved anything of worth, anything that rhymed with my conceptions, my dreams for those were fine; of that, I am 276 certain? I look into the chaos that is my soul and, I tell you, I dont know, I dont know. But what I do know is that Ive spent nearly twenty years now playing the charlatan at whom you all laugh. That Ive suffered, in mind and in body tooalmost from hunger, sometimesin order to play it. That Ive struggled, that Ive exultantly climbed to the attack, that Ive been thrown downah, many times!that Ive picked myself up and started again. Well, I suppose all thats ludicrous, if you like to think of it that way. It is ludicrous that a man should put himself to prolonged inconvenience for the sake of something which doesnt really exist at all. Its exquisitely comic, I can see. I can see it in the abstract, so to speak. But in this particular case, you must remember Im not a dispassionate observer. And if I am overcome now, it is not with laughter. It is with an indescribable unhappiness, with the bitterness of death itself. Death, death, death. I repeat the word to myself, again and again. I think of death, I try to imagine it, I hang over it, looking down, where the stones fall and fall and there is one horrible noise, and then silence again; looking down into the well of death. It is so deep that there is no glittering eye of water to be seen at the bottom. I have no candle to send down. It is horrible, but I do not want to go on living. Living would be worse than.... Lypiatt was reaching out for another sheet of paper when he was startled to hear the sound of feet on the stairs. He turned towards the door. His heart beat with violence. He was filled with a strange sense of apprehension. In terror he awaited the approach of some unknown and terrible being. The feet of the angel of death were on the stairs. Up, up, up. Lypiatt felt himself trembling as the 277 sound came nearer. He knew for certain that in a few seconds he was going to die. The hangmen had already pinioned him; the soldiers of the firing squad had already raised their rifles. One, two, ... he thought of Mrs. Viveash standing, bare-headed, the wind blowing in her hair, at the foot of the flagstaff from the site of which Queen Victoria had admired the distant view of Selborne; he thought of her dolorously smiling; he remembered that once she had taken his head between her two hands and kissed him Because youre such a golden ass, she had said, laughing. Three.... There was a little tap at the door. Lypiatt pressed his hand over his heart. The door opened. A small, bird-like man with a long, sharp nose and eyes as round and black and shining as buttons stepped into the room. Mr. Lydgate, I presume? he began. Then looked at a card on which a name and address were evidently written. Lypiatt, I mean. A thousand pardons. Mr. Lypiatt, I presume? Lypiatt leaned back in his chair and shut his eyes. His face was as white as paper. He breathed hard and his temples were wet with sweat, as though he had been running. I found the door down below open, so I came straight up. I hope youll excuse.... The stranger smiled apologetically. Who are you? Lypiatt asked, reopening his eyes. His heart was still beating hard; after the storm it calmed itself slowly. He drew back from the brink of the fearful well; the time had not yet come to plunge. My name, said the stranger, is Boldero, Herbert Boldero. Our mutual friend Mr. Gumbril, Mr. Theodore 278 Gumbril, junior, he made it more precise, suggested that I might come and see you about a little matter in which he and I are interested and in which perhaps you, too, might be interested. Lypiatt nodded, without saying anything. Mr. Boldero, meanwhile, was turning his bright, bird-like eyes about the studio. Mrs. Viveashs portrait, all but finished now, was clamped to the easel. He approached it, a connoisseur. It reminds me very much, he said, of Bacosso. Very much indeed, if I may say so. Also a little of ... he hesitated, trying to think of the name of that other fellow Gumbril had talked about. But being unable to remember the unimpressive syllables of Derain he played for safety and saidof Orpen. Mr. Boldero looked inquiringly at Lypiatt to see if that was right. Lypiatt still spoke no word and seemed, indeed, not to have heard what had been said. Mr. Boldero saw that it wasnt much good talking about modern art. This chap, he thought, looked as though something were wrong with him. He hoped he hadnt got influenza. There was a lot of the disease about. This little affair I was speaking of, he pursued, in another tone, is a little business proposition that Mr. Gumbril and I have gone into together. A matter of pneumatic trousers, he waved his hand airily. Lypiatt suddenly burst out laughing, an embittered Titan. Where do flies go? Where do souls go? The barrel-organ, and now pneumatic trousers! Then, as suddenly, he was silent again. More literature? Another piece of acting? Go on, he said, Im sorry. Not at all, not at all, said Mr. Boldero indulgently. 279 I know the idea does seem a little humorous, if I may say so, at first. But I assure you, theres money in it, Mr. LydgateMr. Lypiatt. Money! Mr. Boldero paused a moment dramatically. Well, he went on, our idea was to launch the new product with a good swingeing publicity campaign. Spend a few thousands in the papers and then get it good and strong into the Underground and on the hoardings, along with Owbridges and John Bull and the Golden Ballot. Now, for that, Mr. Lypiatt, we shall need, as you can well imagine, a few good striking pictures. Mr. Gumbril mentioned your name and suggested I should come and see you to find out if you would perhaps be agreeable to lending us your talent for this work. And I may add, Mr. Lypiatt, he spoke with real warmth, that having seen this example of your workhe pointed to the portrait of Mrs. ViveashI feel that you would be eminently capable of.... He did not finish the sentence; for at this moment Lypiatt leapt up from his chair and, making a shrill, inarticulate, animal noise, rushed on the financier, seized him with both hands by the throat, shook him, threw him to the floor, then picked him up again by the coat collar and pushed him towards the door, kicking him as he went. A final kick sent Mr. Boldero tobogganing down the steep stairs. Lypiatt ran down after him; but Mr. Boldero had picked himself up, had opened the front door, slipped out, slammed it behind him, and was running up the mews before Lypiatt could get to the bottom of the stairs. Lypiatt opened the door and looked out. Mr. Boldero was already far away, almost at the Piranesian arch. He watched him till he was out of sight, then went upstairs again and threw himself face downwards on his bed. 280 CHAPTER XX Zoe ended the discussion by driving half an inch of pen-knife into Colemans left arm and running out of the flat, slamming the door behind her. Coleman was used to this sort of thing; this sort of thing, indeed, was what he was there for. Carefully he pulled out the pen-knife which had remained sticking in his arm. He looked at the blade and was relieved to see that it wasnt so dirty as might have been expected. He found some cotton-wool, mopped up the blood as it oozed out, and dabbed the wound with iodine. Then he set himself to bandage it up. But to tie a bandage round ones own left arm is not easy. Coleman found it impossible to keep the lint in place, impossible to get the bandage tight enough. At the end of a quarter of an hour he had only succeeded in smearing himself very copiously with blood, and the wound was still unbound. He gave up the attempt and contented himself with swabbing up the blood as it came out. And forthwith came there out blood and water, he said aloud, and looked at the red stain on the cotton wool. He repeated the words again and again, and at the fiftieth repetition burst out laughing. The bell in the kitchen suddenly buzzed. Who could it be? He went to the front door and opened it. On the landing outside stood a tall slender young woman with slanting Chinese eyes and a wide mouth, elegantly dressed 281 in a black frock piped with white. Keeping the cotton-wool still pressed to his bleeding arm, Coleman bowed as gracefully as he could. Do come in, he said. You are just in the nick of time. I am on the point of bleeding to death. And forthwith came there out blood and water. Enter, enter, he added, seeing the young woman still standing irresolutely on the threshold. But I wanted to see Mr. Coleman, she said, stammering a little and showing her embarrassment by blushing. I am Mr. Coleman. He took the cotton-wool for a moment from his arm and looked with the air of a connoisseur at the blood on it. But I shall very soon cease to be that individual unless you come and tie up my wounds. But youre not the Mr. Coleman I thought you were, said the young lady, still more embarrassed. You have a beard, it is true; but.... Then I must resign myself to quit this life, must I? He made a gesture of despair, throwing out both hands, Out, out brief Coleman. Out, damned spot, and he made as though to close the door. The young lady checked him. If you really need tying up, she said, Ill do it of course. I passed my First-Aid Exam, in the war. Coleman reopened the door. Saved! he said. Come in. It had been Rosies original intention yesterday to go straight on from Mr. Mercaptans to Totos. She would see him at once, she would ask him what he meant by playing that stupid trick on her. She would give him a good talking to. She would even tell him that she would never see him again. But, of course, if he showed himself 282 sufficiently contrite and reasonably explanatory, she would consentoh, very reluctantlyto take him back into favour. In the free, unprejudiced circles in which she now moved, this sort of joke, she imagined, was a mere trifle. It would be absurd to quarrel seriously about it. But still, she was determined to give Toto a lesson. When, however, she did finally leave Mr. Mercaptans delicious boudoir, it was too late to think of going all the way to Pimlico, to the address which Mr. Mercaptan had given her. She decided to put it off till the next day. And so the next day, duly, she had set out for Pimlicoto Pimlico, and to see a man called Coleman! It seemed rather dull and second-rate after Sloane Street and Mr. Mercaptan. Poor Toto!the sparkle of Mr. Mercaptan had made him look rather tarnished. That essay on the Jus Primæ Noctisah! Walking through the unsavoury mazes of Pimlico, she thought of it, and, thinking of it, smiled. Poor Toto! And also, she mustnt forget, stupid, malicious, idiotic Toto! She had made up her mind exactly what she should say to him; she had even made up her mind what Toto would say to her. And when the scene was over they would go and dine at the Café Royalupstairs, where she had never been. And she would make him rather jealous by telling him how much she had liked Mr. Mercaptan; but not too jealous. Silence is golden, as her father used to say when she used to fly into tempers and wanted to say nasty things to everybody within range. Silence, about some things, is certainly golden. In the rather gloomy little turning off Lupus Street to which she had been directed, Rosie found the number, found, in the row of bells and cards, the name. Quickly and decidedly she mounted the stairs. 283 Well, she was going to say as soon as she saw him, I thought you were a civilized being. Mr. Mercaptan had dropped a hint that Coleman wasnt really civilized; a hint was enough for Rosie. But I see, she would go on, that I was mistaken. I dont like to associate with boors. The fastidious lady had selected him as a young poet, not as a ploughboy. Well rehearsed, Rosie rang the bell. And then the door had opened on this huge bearded Cossack of a man, who smiled, who looked at her with bright, dangerous eyes, who quoted the Bible and who was bleeding like a pig. There was blood on his shirt, blood on his trousers, blood on his hands, bloody finger-marks on his face; even the blond fringe of his beard, she noticed, was dabbled here and there with blood. It was too much, at first, even for her aristocratic equanimity. In the end, however, she followed him across a little vestibule into a bright, whitewashed room empty of all furniture but a table, a few chairs and a large box-spring and mattress, which stood like an island in the middle of the floor and served as bed or sofa as occasion required. Over the mantelpiece was pinned a large photographic reproduction of Leonardos study of the anatomy of love. There were no other pictures on the walls. All the apparatus is here, said Coleman, and he pointed to the table. Lint, bandages, cotton-wool, iodine, gauze, oiled silk. I have them all ready in preparation for these little accidents. But do you often manage to cut yourself in the arm? asked Rosie. She took off her gloves and began to undo a fresh packet of lint. One gets cut, Coleman explained. Little differences 284 of opinion, you know. If your eye offend you, pluck it out; love your neighbour as yourself. Argal if his eye offend youyou see? We live on Christian principles here. But who are we? asked Rosie, giving the cut a last dressing of iodine and laying a big square of lint over it. Merely myself andhow shall I put it?my helpmate, Coleman answered. Ah! youre wonderfully skilful at this business, he went on. Youre the real hospital nurse type; all maternal instincts. When pain and anguish wring the brow, an interesting mangle thou, as we used to say in the good old days when the pun and the Spoonerismus were in fashion. Rosie laughed. Oh, I dont spend all my time tying up wounds, she said, and turned her eyes for an instant from the bandage. After the first surprise she was feeling her cool self again. Brava! cried Coleman. You make them too, do you? Make them first and cure them afterwards in the grand old homœopathic way. Delightful! You see what Leonardo has to say about it. With his free hand he pointed to the photograph over the mantelpiece. Rosie, who had noticed the picture when she came into the room, preferred not to look at it too closely a second time. I think its rather revolting, she said, and was very busy with the bandage. Ah! but thats the point, thats the whole point, said Coleman, and his clear blue eyes were alive with dancing lights. Thats the beauty of the grand passion. It is revolting. You read what the Fathers of the Church have to say about love. Theyre the men. It was Odo of Cluny, wasnt it, who called woman a saccus stercoris , 285 a bag of muck. Si quis enim considerat quæ intra nares et quæ intra fauces et quæ intra ventrem lateant, sordes ubique reperiet.  The Latin rumbled like eloquent thunder in Colemans mouth.  Et si nec extremis digitis flegma vel stercus tangere patimur, quomodo ipsum stercoris saccum amplecti desideramus.  He smacked his lips. Magnificent! he said. I dont understand Latin, said Rosie, and Im glad of it. And your bandage is finished. Look. Interesting mangle! Coleman smiled his thanks. But Bishop Odo, I fear, wouldnt even have spared you; not even for your good works. Still less for your good looks, which would only have provoked him to dwell with the more insistency on the visceral secrets which they conceal. Really, Rosie protested. She would have liked to get up and go away, but the Cossacks blue eyes glittered at her with such a strange expression and he smiled so enigmatically, that she found herself still sitting where she was, listening with a disgusted pleasure to his quick talk, his screams of deliberate and appalling laughter. Ah! he exclaimed, throwing up his hands, what sensualists these old fellows were! What a real voluptuous feeling they had for dirt and gloom and sordidness and boredom, and all the horrors of vice. They pretended they were trying to dissuade people from vice by enumerating its horrors. But they were really only making it more spicy by telling the truth about it. O esca vermium, O massa pulveris! What nauseating embracements! To conjugate the copulative verb, boringly, with a sack of tripeswhat could be more exquisitely and piercingly and deliriously vile? And he threw back his head and 286 laughed; the blood-dabbled tips of his blond beard shook. Rosie looked at them, fascinated with disgust. Theres blood on your beard, she felt compelled to say. What of it? Why shouldnt there be? Coleman asked. Confused, Rosie felt herself blushing. Only because its rather unplleasant. I dont know why. But it is. What a reason for immediately falling into my arms! said Coleman. To be kissed by a beard is bad enough at any time. But by a bloody beardimagine! Rosie shuddered. After all, he said, what interest or amusement is there in doing the ordinary things in the obvious way? Life au naturel . He shook his head. You must have garlic and saffron. Do you believe in God? Not mmuch, said Rosie, smiling. I pity you. You must find existence dreadfully dull. As soon as you do, everything becomes a thousand times life-size. Phallic symbols five hundred feet high, he lifted his hand. A row of grinning teeth you could run the hundred yards on. He grinned at her through his beard. Wounds big enough to let a coach-and-six drive into their purulent recesses. Every slightest act eternally significant. Its only when you believe in God, and especially in hell, that you can really begin enjoying life. For instance, when in a few moments you surrender yourself to the importunities of my bloody beard, how prodigiously much more youd enjoy it if you could believe you were committing the sin against the Holy Ghostif you kept thinking calmly and dispassionately all the time the affair was going on All this is not only a horrible sin, it is also ugly, grotesque, a mere defæcation, a 287 Rosie held up her hand. Youre really horrible, she said. Coleman smiled at her. Still, she did not go. He who is not with me is against me, said Coleman. If you cant make up your mind to be with, its surely better to be positively against than merely negatively indifferent. Nonsense! exclaimed Rosie feebly. When I call my lover a nymphomaniacal dog, she runs the pen-knife into my arm. Well, do you enjoy it? asked Rosie. Piercingly, he answered. It is at once sordid to the last and lowest degree and infinitely and eternally significant. Coleman was silent and Rosie too said nothing. Futilely she wished it had been Toto instead of this horrible, dangerous Cossack. Mr. Mercaptan ought to have warned her. But then, of course, he supposed that she already knew the creature. She looked up at him and found his bright eyes fixed upon her; he was silently laughing. Dont you want to know who I am? she asked. And how I got here? Coleman blandly shook his head. Not in the very least, he said. Rosie felt more helpless, somehow, than ever. Why not? she asked as bravely and impertinently as she could. Coleman answered with another question. Why should I? It would be natural curiosity. But I know all I want to know, he said. You are a woman, or, at any rate, you have all the female stigmata. Not too sumptuously well-developed, let me add. You have no wooden legs. You have eyelids that flutter up 288 and down over your eyes like a moving shutter in front of a signalling lamp, spelling out in a familiar code the letters A.M.O.R., and not, unless I am very much mistaken, those others C.A.S.T.I.T.A.S. You have a mouth that looks as though it knew how to taste and how to bite. You.... Rosie jumped up. Im going away, she said. Coleman leaned back in his chair and hallooed with laughter. Bite, bite, bite, he said. Thirty-two times. And he opened and shut his mouth as fast as he could, so that his teeth clicked against one another with a little dry, bony noise. Every mouthful thirty-two times. Thats what Mr. Gladstone said. And surely Mr. Gladstonehe rattled his sharp, white teeth againsurely Mr. Gladstone should know. Good-bye, said Rosie from the door. Good-bye, Coleman called back; and immediately afterwards jumped to his feet and made a dash across the room towards her. Rosie uttered a cry, slipped through the door and, slamming it behind her, ran across the vestibule and began fumbling with the latches of the outer door. It wouldnt open, it wouldnt open. She was trembling; fear made her feel sick. There was a rattling at the door behind her. There was a whoop of laughter, and then the Cossacks hands were on her arms, his face came peering over her shoulder, and the blond beard dabbled with blood prickled against her neck and face. Oh, dont, dont, dont! she implored, turning away her head. Then all at once she began violently crying. Tears! exclaimed Coleman in rapture, genuine tears! He bent eagerly forward to kiss them away, to 289 drink them as they fell. What an intoxication, he said, looking up to the ceiling like a chicken that has taken a sip of water; he smacked his lips. Sobbing uncontrollably, Rosie had never in all her life felt less like a great, fastidious lady. 290 CHAPTER XXI Well, said Gumbril, here I am again. Already? Mrs. Viveash had been reduced, by the violence of her headache, to coming home after her luncheon with Piers Cotton for a rest. She had fed her hungry pain on Pyramidon and now she was lying down on the Dufy-upholstered sofa at the foot of her full-length portrait by Jacques-Emile Blanche. Her head was not much better, but she was bored. When the maid had announced Gumbril, she had given word that he was to be let in. Im very ill, she went on expiringly. Look at me, she pointed to herself, and me again. She waved her hand towards the sizzling brilliance of the portrait. Before and after. Like the advertisements, you know. Every picture tells a story. She laughed faintly, then made a little grimace and, sucking in the breath between her lips, she put her hand to her forehead. My poor Myra. Gumbril pulled up a chair to the sofa and sat there like a doctor at his patients bedside. But before and after what? he asked, almost professionally. Mrs. Viveash gave an all but imperceptible shrug. I dont know, she said. Not influenza, I hope? No, I dont think so. Not love, by any chance? 291 Mrs. Viveash did not venture another laugh; she contented herself with smiling agonizingly. That would have been a just retribution, Gumbril went on, after what youve done to me. What have I done to you? Mrs. Viveash asked, opening wide her pale-blue eyes. Merely wrecked my existence. But youre being childish, Theodore. Say what you mean without these grand, silly phrases. The dying voice spoke with impatience. Well, what I mean, said Gumbril, is merely this. You prevented me from going to see the only person I ever really wanted to see in my life. And yesterday, when I tried to see her, she was gone. Vanished. And here am I left in the vacuum. Mrs. Viveash shut her eyes. Were all in the vacuum, she said. Youll still have plenty of company, you know. She was silent for a moment. Still, Im sorry, she added. Why didnt you tell me? And why didnt you just pay no attention to me and go all the same? I didnt tell you, Gumbril answered, because, then, I didnt know. And I didnt go because I didnt want to quarrel with you. Thank you, said Mrs. Viveash, and patted his hand, But what are you going to do about it now? Not quarrelling with me is only a rather negative satisfaction, Im afraid. I propose to leave the country to-morrow morning, said Gumbril. Ah, the classical remedy.... But not to shoot big game, I hope? She thought of Viveash among the 292 Tikki-tikkis and the tsetses. He was a charming creature; charming, but ... but what? Good heavens! exclaimed Gumbril. What do you take me for? Big game! He leaned back in his chair and began to laugh, heartily, for the first time since he had returned from Robertsbridge, yesterday evening. He had felt then as though he would never laugh again. Do you see me in a pith helmet, with an elephant gun? Mrs. Viveash put her hand to her forehead. I see you, Theodore, she said, but I try to think you would look quite normal; because of my head. I go to Paris first, said Gumbril. After that, I dont know. I shall go wherever I think people will buy pneumatic trousers. Im travelling on business. This time, in spite of her head, Mrs. Viveash laughed. I thought of giving myself a farewell banquet, Gumbril went on. Well go round before dinner, if youre feeling well enough, that is, and collect a few friends. Then, in profoundest gloom, well eat and drink. And in the morning, unshaved, exhausted and filled with disgust, I shall take the train from Victoria, feeling thankful to get out of England. Well do it, said Mrs. Viveash faintly and indomitably from the sofa that was almost genuinely a death-bed. And, meanwhile, well have a second brew of tea and you shall talk to me. The tannin was brought in. Gumbril settled down to talk and Mrs. Viveash to listento listen and from time to time to dab her brows with eau-de-Cologne, to take a sniff of hartshorn. Gumbril talked. He talked of the marriage ceremonies of octopuses, of the rites intricately consummated in the 293 submarine green grottos of the Indian Ocean. Given a total of sixteen arms, how many permutations and combinations of caresses? And in the middle of each bunch of arms a mouth like the beak of a macaw. On the backside of the moon, his friend Umbilikoff, the mystic, used to assure him, the souls of the dead in the form of little bladderslike so much swelled sagoare piled up and piled up till they squash and squeeze one another with an excruciating and ever-growing pressure. In the exoteric world this squeezing on the moons backside is known, erroneously, as hell. And as for the constellation, Scorpiohe was the first of all constellations to have a proper sort of backbone. For by an effort of the will he ingurgitated his external armour, he compressed and rebuilt it within his body and so became the first vertebrate. This, you may well believe, was a notable day in cosmic history. The rents in these new buildings in Regent Street and Piccadilly run to as much as three or four pounds a square foot. Meanwhile, all the beauty imagined by Nash has departed, and chaos and barbarism once more reign supreme, even in Regent Street. The ghost of Gumbril Senior stalked across the room. Who lives longer the man who takes heroin for two years and dies, or the man who lives on roast beef, water and potatoes till ninety-five? One passes his twenty-four months in eternity. All the years of the beef-eater are lived only in time. I can tell you all about heroin, said Mrs. Viveash. Lady Capricorn, he understood, was still keeping open bed. How Rubens would have admired those silk cushions, those gigantic cabbage roses, those round pink pearls of 294 hers, vaster than those that Captain Nemo discovered in the immemorial oyster! And the warm dry rustle of flesh over flesh as she walks, moving first one leg, then advancing the other. Talking of octopuses, the swim-bladders of deep-sea fishes are filled with almost absolutely pure oxygen. Cest la vie Gumbril shrugged his shoulders. In Alpine pastures the grasshoppers start their flight, whizzing like clockwork grasshoppers. And these brown invisible ones reveal themselves suddenly as they skim above the flowersa streak of blue lightning, a trailing curve of scarlet. Then the overwing shuts down over the coloured wing below and they are once more invisible fiddlers rubbing their thighs, like Lady Capricorn, at the foot of the towering flowers. Forgers give patina to their mediæval ivories by lending them to stout young Jewesses to wear for a few months hanging, like an amulet, between their breasts. In Italian cemeteries the family vaults are made of glass and iron, like greenhouses. Sir Henry Griddle has finally married the hog-faced gentlewoman. Piero della Francescas fresco of the Resurrection at San Sepolcro is the most beautiful picture in the world, and the hotel there is far from bad. Scriabine  le Tschaikovsky de nos jours . The dullest landscape painter is Marchand. The best poet.... You bore me, said Mrs. Viveash. Must I talk of love, then? asked Gumbril. It looks like it, Mrs. Viveash answered, and closed her eyes. Gumbril told the anecdote about Jo Peters, Connie 295 Asticot and Jim Baum. The anecdote of Lola Knopf and the Baroness Gnomon. Of Margherita Radicofani, himself, and the Pastor Meyer. Of Lord Cavey and little Toby Nobes. When he had finished these, he saw that Mrs. Viveash had gone to sleep. He was not flattered. But a little sleep would do her headache, he reflected, a world of good. And knowing that if he ceased to speak, she would probably be woken by the sudden blankness of the silence, he went on quietly talking to himself. When Im abroad this time, he soliloquized, I shall really begin writing my autobiography. Theres nothing like a hotel bedroom to work in. He scratched his head thoughtfully and even picked his nose, which was one of his bad habits, when he was alone. People who know me, he went on, will think that what I write about the governess cart and my mother and the flowers and so on is written merely because I know in here, he scratched his head a little harder to show himself that he referred to his brain, that thats the sort of thing one ought to write about. Theyll think Im a sort of dingy Romain Rolland, hopelessly trying to pretend that I feel the emotions and have the great spiritual experiences, which the really important people do feel and have. And perhaps theyll be right. Perhaps the Life of Gumbril will be as manifestly an ersatz as the Life of Beethoven. On the other hand, they may be astonished to find that its the genuine article. We shall see. Gumbril nodded his head slowly, while he transferred two pennies from his right-hand trouser pocket to his left-hand trouser pocket. He was somewhat distressed to find that these coppers had been trespassing among the silver. Silver was for the right-hand, copper 296 for the left. It was one of the laws which it was extremely unlucky to infringe. I have a premonition, he went on, that one of these days I may become a saint. An unsuccessful flickering sort of saint, like a candle beginning to go out. As for lovemyes, myes. And as for the people I have metI shall point out that I have known most of the eminent men in Europe, and that I have said of all of them what I said after my first love affair Is that all? Did you really say that about your first love affair? asked Mrs. Viveash, who had woken up again. Didnt you? No. I said This is alleverything, the universe. In love, its either all or nothing at all. She shut her eyes and almost immediately went to sleep again. Gumbril continued his lullaby-soliloquy. This charming little book.... The Scotsman. This farrago of obscenity, slander and false psychology.... Darlington Echo. Mr. Gumbrils first cousin is St. Francis Xavier, his second cousin is the Earl of Rochester, his third cousin is the Man of Feeling, his fourth cousin is David Hume.... Court Journal.  Gumbril was already tired of this joke. When I consider how my light is spent, he went on, when I consider!... Herr Jesu, as Fraulein Nimmernein used to exclaim at the critical moment. Consider, dear cow, consider. This is not the time of year for grass to grow. Consider, dear cow, consider, consider. He got up from his chair and tiptoed across the room to the writing-table. An Indian dagger lay next to the blotting-pad; Mrs. Viveash used it as a paper-knife. Gumbril picked it up, executed several passes with it. Thumb on the blade, he said, and strike upwards. 297 On guard. Lunge. To the hilt it penetrates. Poniard at the tiphe ran the blade between his fingerscaress by the time it reaches the hilt. Zzip. He put down the knife and stopping for a moment to make a grimace at himself in the mirror over the mantelpiece, he went back to his chair. At seven oclock Mrs. Viveash woke up. She shook her head to feel if the pain were still rolling about loose inside her skull. I really believe Im all right, she said. She jumped up. Come on, she cried. I feel ready for anything. And I feel like so much food for worms, said Gumbril. Still, Versiam a tazza piena il generoso umor . He hummed the Drinking Song out of Robert the Devil , and to that ingenuously jolly melody they left the house. Their taxi that evening cost them several pounds. They made the man drive back and forth, like a shuttle, from one end of London to the other. Every time they passed through Piccadilly Circus Mrs. Viveash leant out of the window to look at the sky signs dancing their unceasing St. Vituss dance above the monument to the Earl of Shaftesbury. How I adore them! she said the first time they passed them. Those wheels that whizz round till the sparks fly out from under them that rushing motor, and that lovely bottle of port filling the glass and then disappearing and reappearing and filling it again. Too lovely. Too revolting, Gumbril corrected her. These things are the epileptic symbol of all thats most bestial and idiotic in contemporary life. Look at those beastly things and then look at that. He pointed to the County Fire Office on the northern side of the Circus. There stands 298 decency, dignity, beauty, repose. And there flickers, there gibbers and twitcheswhat? Restlessness, distraction, refusal to think, anything for an unquiet life.... What a delicious pedant you are! She turned away from the window, put her hands on his shoulders and looked at him. Too exquisitely ridiculous! And she kissed him. You wont force me to change my opinion. Gumbril smiled at her.  Eppur si muove I stick to my guns like Galileo. They move and theyre horrible. Theyre me, said Mrs. Viveash emphatically. Those things are me. They drove first to Lypiatts mews. Under the Piranesian arch. The clothes-lines looped from window to window across the street might have been those ropes which form so essential and so mysterious a part of the furniture of the Prisons. The place smelt, the children were shouting; the hyena-like laughter of the flappers reverberated between the close-set walls. All Gumbrils sense of social responsibility was aroused in a moment. Shut up in his room all day, Lypiatt had been writingwriting his whole life, all his ideas and ideals, all for Myra. The pile of scribbled sheets grew higher and higher. Towards evening he made an end; he had written all that he wanted to write. He ate the remains of yesterdays loaf of bread and drank some water; for he realized suddenly that he had been fasting the whole day. Then he composed himself to think; he stretched himself out on the brink of the well and looked down into the eyeless darkness. He still had his Service revolver. Taking it out of the drawer in which it was kept, he loaded it, he laid it on the packing-case which served him as a table at his beds head, 299 and stretched himself out on the bed. He lay quite still, his muscles all relaxed, hardly breathing. He imagined himself dead. Derision! there was still the plunge into the well. He picked up the pistol, looked down the barrel. Black and deep as the well. The muzzle against his forehead was a cold mouth. There was nothing new to be thought about death. There was not even the possibility of a new thought. Only the old thoughts, the horrible old questions returned. The cold mouth to his forehead, his finger pressing on the trigger. Already he would be falling, falling. And the annihilating crash would be the same as the far-away sound of death at the bottom of the well. And after that, in the silence? The old question was still the same. After that, he would lie bleeding. The flies would drink his blood as though it were red honey. In the end the people would come and fetch him away, and the coroners jury would look at him in the mortuary and pronounce him temporarily insane. Then he would be buried in a black hole, would be buried and decay. And meanwhile, would there be anything else? There was nothing new to be thought or asked. And there was still no answer. In the room it began to grow dark; colours vanished, forms ran together. The easel and Myras portrait were now a single black silhouette against the window. Near and far were fused, become one and continuous in the darkness, became a part of the darkness. Outside the window the pale twilight grew more sombre. The children shouted shrilly, playing their games under the green gas lamps. The mirthless, ferocious laughter of young girls mocked 300 and invited. Lypiatt stretched out his hand and fingered the pistol. Down below, at his door, he heard a sharp knocking. He lifted his head and listened, caught the sound of two voices, a mans and a womans. Myras voice he recognized at once; the other, he supposed, was Gumbrils. Hideous to think that people actually live in places like this, Gumbril was saying. Look at those children. It ought to be punishable by law to produce children in this street. They always take me for the Pied Piper, said Mrs. Viveash. Lypiatt got up and crept to the window. He could hear all they said. I wonder if Lypiatts in. I dont see any sign of a light. But he has heavy curtains, said Mrs. Viveash, and I know for a fact that he always composes his poetry in the dark. He may be composing poetry. Gumbril laughed. Knock again, said Mrs. Viveash. Poets are always absorbed, you know. And Casimirs always the poet.  Il Poeta capital P. Like dAnnunzio in the Italian papers, said Gumbril. Did you know that dAnnunzio has books printed on mackintosh for his bath? He rapped again at the door. I saw it in the Corriere della Sera the other day at the club. He reads the Little Flowers of St. Francis by preference in his bath. And he has a fountain pen with waterproof ink in the soap-dish, so that he can add a few Fioretti of his own whenever he feels like it. We might suggest that to Casimir. Lypiatt stood with folded arms by the window, listening. How lightly they threw his life, his heart, from hand to 301 hand, as though it were a ball and they were playing a game! He thought suddenly of all the times he had spoken lightly and maliciously of other people. His own person had always seemed, on those occasions, sacred. One knew in theory very well that others spoke of one contemptuouslyas one spoke of them. In practiceit was hard to believe. Poor Casimir! said Mrs. Viveash. Im afraid his show was a failure. I know it was, said Gumbril. Complete and absolute. I told my tame capitalist that he ought to employ Lypiatt for our advertisements. Hed be excellent for those. And it would mean some genuine money in his pocket. But the worst of it is, said Mrs. Viveash, that hell only feel insulted by the suggestion. She looked up at the window. I dont know why, she went on, this house looks most horribly dead. I hope nothings happened to poor Casimir. I have a most disagreeable feeling that it may have. Ah, this famous feminine intuition, laughed Gumbril. He knocked again. I cant help feeling that he may be lying there dead, or delirious, or something. And I cant help feeling that he must have gone out to dinner. We shall have to give him up, Im afraid. Its a pity. Hes so good with Mercaptan. Like bear and mastiff. Or rather, like bear and poodle, bear and King Charless spanielor whatever those little dogs are that you see ladies in eighteenth-century French engravings taking to bed with them. Lets go. Just knock once again, said Mrs. Viveash. He might 302 really be preoccupied, or asleep, or ill. Gumbril knocked. Now listen. Hush. They were silent; the children still went on hallooing in the distance. There was a great clop-clopping of horses feet as a van was backed into a stable door near by. Lypiatt stood motionless, his arms still crossed, his chin on his breast. The seconds passed. Not a sound, said Gumbril. He must have gone out. I suppose so, said Mrs. Viveash. Come on, then. Well go and look for Mercaptan. He heard their steps in the street below, heard the slamming of the taxi door. The engine was started up. Loud on the first gear, less loud on the second, whisperingly on the third, it moved away, gathering speed. The noise of it was merged with the general noise of the town. They were gone. Lypiatt walked slowly back to his bed. He wished suddenly that he had gone down to answer the last knock. These voicesat the wells edge he had turned to listen to them; at the wells extreme verge. He lay quite still in the darkness; and it seemed to him at last that he had floated away from the earth, that he was alone, no longer in a narrow dark room, but in an illimitable darkness outside and beyond. His mind grew calmer; he began to think of himself, of all that he had known, remotely, as though from a great way off. Adorable lights! said Mrs. Viveash, as they drove once more through Piccadilly Circus. Gumbril said nothing. He had said all that he had to say last time. And theres another, exclaimed Mrs. Viveash, as 303 they passed, near Burlington House, a fountain of Sandemans port. If only they had an automatic jazz band attached to the same mechanism! she said regretfully. The Green Park remained solitary and remote under the moon. Wasted on us, said Gumbril, as they passed. One should be happily in love to enjoy a summer night under the trees. He wondered where Emily could be now. They sat in silence; the cab drove on. Mr. Mercaptan, it seemed, had left London. His housekeeper had a long story to tell. A regular Bolshevik had come yesterday, pushing in. And she had heard him shouting at Mr. Mercaptan in his own room. And then, luckily, a lady had come and the Bolshevik had gone away again. And this morning Mr. Mercaptan had decided, quite sudden like, to go away for two or three days. And it wouldnt surprise her at all if it had something to do with that horrible Bolshevik fellow. Though of course Master Paster hadnt said anything about it. Still, as shed known him when he was so high and seen him grow up like, she thought she could say she knew him well enough to guess why he did things. It was only brutally that they contrived to tear themselves away. Secure, meanwhile, behind a whole troop of butlers and footmen, Mr. Mercaptan was dining comfortably at Oxhanger with the most faithful of his friends and admirers, Mrs. Speegle. It was to Mrs. Speegle that he had dedicated his coruscating little Loves of the Pachyderms; for Mrs. Speegle it was who had suggested, casually one day at luncheon, that the human race ought to be classified in two main speciesthe Pachyderms, and those whose skin, like her own, like Mr. Mercaptans and a few others, was fine and responsive, as Mr. Mercaptan himself put it, to all 304 caresses, including those of pure reason. Mr. Mercaptan had taken the casual hint and had developed it, richly. The barbarous Pachyderms he divided up into a number of subspecies steatocephali, acephali, theolaters, industrious Judæorhyncibusy, compact and hard as dung-beetlesPeabodies, Russians and so on. It was all very witty and delicately savage. Mr. Mercaptan had a standing invitation at Oxhanger. With dangerous pachyderms like Lypiatt ranging loose about the town, he thought it best to avail himself of it. Mrs. Speegle, he knew, would be delighted to see him. And indeed she was. He arrived just at lunch-time. Mrs. Speegle and Maisie Furlonger were already at the fish. Mercaptan! Mrs. Speegles soul seemed to be in the name. Sit down, she went on, cooing as she talked, like a ring-dove. There seemed to be singing in every word she spoke. She pointed to a chair next to hers. Nyoure njust in time to tell us all about nyour Lesbian experiences. And Mercaptan, giving vent to his fully orchestrated laughsqueal and roar togetherhad sat down and, speaking in French partly, he nodded towards the butler and the footman,  à cause des valets , and partly because the language lent itself more deliciously to this kind of confidences, he had begun there and then, interrupted and spurred on by the cooing of Mrs. Speegle and the happy shrieks of Maisie Furlonger, to recount at length and with all the wit in the world his experience among the Isles of Greece. How delicious it was, he said to himself, to be with really civilized people! In this happy house it seemed scarcely possible to believe that such a thing as a pachyderm existed. But Lypiatt still lay, face upwards, on his bed, floating, 305 it seemed to himself, far out into the dark emptinesses between the stars. From those distant abstract spaces he seemed to be looking impersonally down upon his own body stretched out by the brink of the hideous well; to be looking back over his own history. Everything, even his own unhappiness, seemed very small and beautiful; every frightful convulsion had become no more than a ripple, and only the fine musical ghost of sound came up to him from all the shouting. We have no luck, said Gumbril, as they climbed once more into the cab. Im not sure, said Mrs. Viveash, that we havent really had a great deal. Did you genuinely want very much to see Mercaptan? Not in the least, said Gumbril. But do you genuinely want to see me? Mrs. Viveash drew the corners of her mouth down into a painful smile and did not answer. Arent we going to pass through Piccadilly Circus again? she asked. I should like to see the lights again. They give one temporarily the illusion of being cheerful. No, no, said Gumbril, we are going straight to Victoria. We couldnt tell the driver to...? Certainly not. Ah, well, said Mrs. Viveash. Perhaps ones better without stimulants. I remember when I was very young, when I first began to go about at all, how proud I was of having discovered champagne. It seemed to me wonderful to get rather tipsy. Something to be exceedingly proud of. And, at the same time, how much I really disliked wine! Loathed the taste of it. Sometimes, when Calliope and I 306 used to dine quietly together, tête-à-tête , with no awful men about, and no appearances to keep up, we used to treat ourselves to the luxury of a large lemon-squash, or even raspberry syrup and soda. Ah, I wish I could recapture the deliciousness of raspberry syrup. Coleman was at home. After a brief delay he appeared himself at the door. He was wearing pyjamas, and his face was covered with red-brown smears, the tips of his beard were clotted with the same dried pigment. What have you been doing to yourself? asked Mrs. Viveash. Merely washing in the blood of the Lamb, Coleman answered, smiling, and his eyes sparkling blue fire, like an electric machine. The door on the opposite side of the little vestibule was open. Looking over Colemans shoulder, Gumbril could see through the opening a brightly lighted room and, in the middle of it, like a large rectangular island, a wide divan. Reclining on the divan an odalisque by Ingresbut slimmer, more serpentine, more like a lithe pink length of boapresented her back. That big, brown mole on the right shoulder was surely familiar. But when, startled by the loudness of the voices behind her, the odalisque turned roundto see in a horribly embarrassing instant that the Cossack had left the door open and that people could look in, were looking in, indeedthe slanting eyes beneath their heavy white lids, the fine aquiline nose, the wide, full-lipped mouth, though they presented themselves for only the fraction of a second, were still more recognizable and familiar. For only the fraction of a second did the odalisque reveal herself definitely as Rosie. Then a hand pulled feverishly at the counterpane, the section of buff-coloured 307 boa wriggled and rolled; and, in a moment, where an odalisque had been, lay only a long packet under a white sheet, like a jockey with a fractured skull when they carry him from the course. Well, really.... Gumbril felt positively indignant; not jealous, but astonished and righteously indignant. Well, when youve finished bathing, said Mrs. Viveash, I hope youll come and have dinner with us. Coleman was standing between her and the farther door; Mrs. Viveash had seen nothing in the room beyond the vestibule. Im busy, said Coleman. So I see. Gumbril spoke as sarcastically as he could. Do you see? asked Coleman, and looked round. So you do! He stepped back and closed the door. Its Theodores last dinner, pleaded Mrs. Viveash. Not even if it were his last supper, said Coleman, enchanted to have been given the opportunity to blaspheme a little. Is he going to be crucified? Or what? Merely going abroad, said Gumbril. He has a broken heart, Mrs. Viveash explained. Ah, the genuine platonic towsers? Coleman uttered his artificial demons laugh. Thats just about it, said Gumbril, grimly. Relieved by the shutting of the door from her immediate embarrassment, Rosie threw back a corner of the counterpane and extruded her head, one arm and the shoulder with the mole on it. She looked about her, opening her slanting eyes as wide as she could. She listened with parted lips to the voices that came, muffled now, through the door. It seemed to her as though she were waking up; as though now, for the first time, she were hearing that shattering laugh, were looking now for the 308 first time on these blank, white walls and the one lovely and horrifying picture. Where was she? What did it all mean? Rosie put her hand to her forehead, tried to think. Her thinking was always a series of pictures; one after another the pictures swam up before her eyes, melted again in an instant. Her mother taking off her pince-nez to wipe themand at once her eyes were tremulous and vague and helpless. You should always let the gentleman get over the stile first, she said, and put on her glasses again. Behind the glasses her eyes immediately became clear, piercing, steady and efficient. Rather formidable eyes. They had seen Rosie getting over the stile in front of Willie Hoskyns, and there was too much leg. James reading at his desk; his heavy, round head propped on his hand. She came up behind him and threw her arms round his neck. Very gently, and without turning his eyes from the page, he undid her embrace and, with a little push that was no more than a hint, an implication, signified that he didnt want her. She had gone to her pink room, and cried. Another time James shook his head and smiled patiently under his moustache. Youll never learn, he said. She had gone to her room and cried that time too. Another time they were lying in bed together, in the pink bed; only you couldnt see it was pink because there was no light. They were lying very quietly. Warm and happy and remote she felt. Sometimes as it were the physical memory of pleasure plucked at her nerves, making her start, making her suddenly shiver. James was breathing as though he were asleep. All at once he stirred. He patted her shoulder two or three times in a kindly and 309 business-like way. I know what that means, she said, when you pat me like that. And she patted himpat-pat-pat, very quickly. It means youre going to bed. How do you know? he asked. Do you think I dont know you after all this time? I know that pat by heart. And suddenly all her warm, quiet happiness evaporated; it was all gone. Im only a machine for going to bed with, she said. Thats all I am for you. She felt she would like to cry. But James only laughed and said, Nonsense! and pulled his arm clumsily from underneath her. You go to sleep, he said, and kissed her on the forehead. Then he got out of bed, and she heard him bumping clumsily about in the darkness. Damn! he said once. Then he found the door, opened, and was gone. She thought of those long stories she used to make up when she went shopping. The fastidious lady; the poets; all the adventures. Totos hands were wonderful. She saw, she heard Mr. Mercaptan reading his essay. Poor father, reading aloud from the Hibbert Journal ! And now the Cossack, covered with blood. He, too, might read aloud from the Hibbert Journal only backwards, so to speak. She had a bruise on her arm. You think theres nothing inherently wrong and disgusting in it? he had asked. There is, I tell you. He had laughed and kissed her and stripped off her clothes and caressed her. And she had cried, she had struggled, she had tried to turn away; and in the end she had been overcome by a pleasure more piercing and agonizing than anything she had ever felt before. And all the time Coleman had hung over her, with his blood-stained beard, smiling 310 into her face, and whispering, Horrible, horrible, infamous and shameful. She lay in a kind of stupor. Then, suddenly there had been that ringing. The Cossack had left her. And now she was awake again, and it was horrible, it was shameful. She shuddered; she jumped out of bed and began as quickly as she could to put on her clothes. Really, really, wont you come? Mrs. Viveash was insisting. She was not used to people saying no when she asked, when she insisted. She didnt like it. No. Coleman shook his head. You may be having the last supper. But I have a date here with the Magdalen. Oh, a woman, said Viveash. But why didnt you say so before? Well, as Id left the door open, said Coleman, I thought it was unnecessary. Fie, said Mrs. Viveash. I find this very repulsive. Lets go away. She plucked Gumbril by the sleeve. Good-bye, said Coleman, politely. He shut the door after them and turned back across the little hall. What! Not thinking of going? he exclaimed, as he came in. Rosie was sitting down on the edge of the bed pulling on her shoes. Go away, she said. You disgust me. But thats splendid, Coleman declared. Thats all as it should be, all as I intended. He sat down beside her on the divan. Really, he said, admiringly, what exquisite legs! Rosie would have given anything in the world to be back again in Bloxam Gardens. Even if James did live in his books all the time.... Anything in the world. This time, said Mrs. Viveash, we simply must go through Piccadilly Circus. 311 Itll only be about two miles farther. Well, that isnt much. Gumbril leaned out and gave the word to the driver. And besides, I like driving about like this, said Mrs. Viveash. I like driving for drivings sake. Its like the Last Ride Together. Dear Theodore! She laid her hand on his. Thank you, said Gumbril, and kissed it. The little cab buzzed along down the empty Mall. They were silent. Through the thick air one could see the brightest of the stars. It was one of those evenings when men feel that truth, goodness and beauty are one. In the morning, when they commit their discovery to paper, when others read it written there, it looks wholly ridiculous. It was one of those evenings when love is once more invented for the first time. That, too, seems a little ridiculous, sometimes, in the morning. Here are the lights again, said Mrs. Viveash. Hop, twitch, flickyes, genuinely an illusion of jollity, Theodore. Genuinely. Gumbril stopped the cab. Its after half-past eight, he said. At this rate we shall never get anything to eat. Wait a minute. He ran into Appenrodts, and came back in a moment with a packet of smoked salmon sandwiches, a bottle of white wine and a glass. We have a long way to go, he explained, as he got into the taxi. They ate their sandwiches, they drank their wine. The taxi drove on and on. This is positively exhilarating, said Mrs. Viveash, as they turned into the Edgware Road. 312 Polished by the wheels and shining like an old and precious bronze, the road stretched before them, reflecting the lamps. It had the inviting air of a road which goes on for ever. They used to have such good peep-shows in this street, Gumbril tenderly remembered Little back shops where you paid twopence to see the genuine mermaid, which turned out to be a stuffed walrus, and the tattooed lady, and the dwarf, and the living statuary, which one always hoped, as a boy, was really going to be rather naked and thrilling, but which was always the most pathetic of unemployed barmaids, dressed in the thickest of pink Jaeger. Do you think thered be any of those now? asked Mrs. Viveash. Gumbril shook his head. Theyve moved on with the march of civilization. But where? He spread out his hands interrogatively. I dont know which direction civilization marcheswhether north towards Kilburn and Golders Green, or over the river to the Elephant, to Clapham and Sydenham and all those other mysterious places. But, in any case, high rents have marched up here; there are no more genuine mermaids in the Edgware Road. What stories we shall be able to tell our children! Do you think we shall ever have any? Mrs. Viveash asked. One can never tell. I should have thought one could, said Mrs. Viveash. Childrenthat would be the most desperate experiment of all. The most desperate, and perhaps the only one having any chance of being successful. History recorded cases.... On the other hand, it recorded other cases that proved the opposite. She had often thought of this experiment. 313 There were so many obvious reasons for not making it. But some day, perhapsshe always put it off, like that. The cab had turned off the main road into quieter and darker streets. Where are we now? asked Mrs. Viveash. Penetrating into Maida Vale. We shall soon be there. Poor old Shearwater! He laughed. Other people in love were always absurd. Shall we find him in, I wonder? It would be fun to see Shearwater again. She liked to hear him talking, learnedly, and like a child. But when the child is six feet high and three feet wide and two feet thick, when it tries to plunge head first into your lifethen, really, no.... But what did you want with me? he had asked. Just to look at you, she answered. Just to look; that was all. Music hall, not boudoir. Here we are. Gumbril got out and rang the second floor bell. The door was opened by an impertinent-looking little maid. Mr. Shearwaters at the lavatory, she said, in answer to Gumbrils question. Laboratory? he suggested. At the ospital. That made it clear. And is Mrs. Shearwater at home? he asked maliciously. The little maid shook her head. I expected er, but she didnt come back to dinner. Would you mind giving her a message when she does come in, said Gumbril. Tell her that Mr. Toto was very sorry he hadnt time to speak to her when he saw her this evening in Pimlico. Mr. who? 314 Mr. Toto. Mr. Toto is sorry e adnt the time to speak to Mrs. Shearwater when e saw er in Pimlico this evening. Very well, sir. You wont forget? said Gumbril. No, I wont forget. He went back to the cab and explained that they had drawn blank once more. Im rather glad, said Mrs. Viveash. If we ever did find anybody, it would mean the end of this Last-Ride-Together feeling. And that would be sad. And its a lovely night. And really, for the moment, I feel I can do without my lights. Suppose we just drove for a bit now. But Gumbril would not allow that. We havent had enough to eat yet, he said, and he gave the cabman Gumbril Seniors address. Gumbril Senior was sitting on his little iron balcony among the dried-out pots that had once held geraniums, smoking his pipe and looking earnestly out into the darkness in front of him. Clustered in the fourteen plane trees of the square, the starlings were already asleep. There was no sound but the rustling of the leaves. But sometimes, every hour or so, the birds would wake up. Somethingperhaps it might be a stronger gust of wind, perhaps some happy dream of worms, some nightmare of cats simultaneously dreamed by all the flock togetherwould suddenly rouse them. And then they would all start to talk at once, at the tops of their shrill voicesfor perhaps half a minute. Then in an instant they all went to sleep again and there was once more no sound but the rustling of the shaken leaves. At these moments Mr. Gumbril would lean forward, would strain his eyes and his ears in the hope of 315 seeing, of hearing somethingsomething significant, explanatory, satisfying. He never did, of course; but that in no way diminished his happiness. Mr. Gumbril received them on his balcony with courtesy. I was just thinking of going in to work, he said. And now you come and give me a good excuse for sitting out here a little longer. Im delighted. Gumbril Junior went downstairs to see what he could find in the way of food. While he was gone, his father explained to Mrs. Viveash the secrets of the birds. Enthusiastically, his light floss of grey hair floating up and falling again about his head as he pointed and gesticulated, he told her; the great flocks assembledgoodness only knew where!they flew across the golden sky, detaching here a little troop, there a whole legion, they flew until at last all had found their appointed resting-places and there were no more to fly. He made this nightly flight sound epical, as though it were a migration of peoples, a passage of armies. And its my firm belief, said Gumbril Senior, adding notes to his epic, that they make use of some sort of telepathy, some kind of direct mind-to-mind communication between themselves. You cant watch them without coming to that conclusion. A charming conclusion, said Mrs. Viveash. Its a faculty, Gumbril Senior went on, we all possess, I believe. All we animals. He made a gesture which included himself, Mrs. Viveash and the invisible birds among the plane trees. Why dont we use it more? You may well ask. For the simple reason, my dear young lady, that half our existence is spent in dealing with things that have no mindthings with which it is impossible to 316 hold telepathic communication. Hence the development of the five senses. I have eyes that preserve me from running into the lamp-post, ears that warn me Im in the neighbourhood of Niagara. And having made these instruments very efficient, I use them even in holding converse with other beings having a mind. I let my telepathic faculty lie idle, preferring to employ an elaborate and cumbrous arrangement of symbols in order to make my thought known to you through your senses. In certain individuals, however, the faculty is naturally so well-developedlike the musical, or the mathematical, or the chess-playing faculties in other peoplethat they cannot help entering into direct communication with other minds, whether they want to or not. If we knew a good method of educating and drawing out the latent faculty, most of us could make ourselves moderately efficient telepaths; just as most of us can make ourselves into moderate musicians, chess players and mathematicians. There would also be a few, no doubt, who could never communicate directly. Just as there are a few who cannot recognize Rule Britannia or Bachs Concerto in D minor for two violins, and a few who cannot comprehend the nature of an algebraical symbol. Look at the general development of the mathematical and musical faculties only within the last two hundred years. By the twenty-first century, I believe, we shall all be telepaths. Meanwhile, these delightful birds have forestalled us. Not having the wit to invent a language or an expressive pantomime, they contrive to communicate such simple thoughts as they have, directly and instantaneously. They all go to sleep at once, wake at once, say the same thing at once; they turn all at once when theyre flying. Without a leader, without a word of 317 command, they do everything together, in complete unison. Sitting here in the evenings, I sometimes fancy I can feel their thoughts striking against my own. It has happened to me once or twice that I have known a second before it actually happened, that the birds were going to wake up and begin their half-minute of chatter in the dark. Wait! Hush. Gumbril Senior threw back his head, pressed his hand over his mouth, as though by commanding silence on himself he could command it on the whole world. I believe theyre going to wake now. I feel it. He was silent. Mrs. Viveash looked towards the dark trees and listened. A full minute passed. Then the old gentleman burst out happily laughing. Completely wrong! he said. Theyve never been more soundly asleep. Mrs. Viveash laughed too. Perhaps they all changed their minds, just as they were waking up, she suggested. Gumbril Junior reappeared; glasses clinked as he walked, and there was a little rattle of crockery. He was carrying a tray. Cold beef, he said, and salad and a bit of a cold apple-pie. It might be worse. They drew up chairs to Gumbril Seniors work-table, and there, among the letters and the unpaid bills and the sketchy elevations of archiducal palaces, they ate the beef and the apple-pie, and drank the one-and-ninepenny vin ordinaire of the house. Gumbril Senior, who had already supped, looked on at them from the balcony. Did I tell you, said Gumbril Junior, that we saw Mr. Porteouss son the other eveningvery drunk? Gumbril Senior threw up his hands. If you knew the calamities that young imbecile has been the cause of! 318 Whats he done? Gambled away I dont know how much borrowed money. And poor Porteous cant afford anythingeven now. Mr. Gumbril shook his head and clutched and combed his beard. Its a fearful blow, but of course, Porteous is very steadfast and serene and.... There! Gumbril Senior interrupted himself, holding up his hand. Listen! In the fourteen plane trees the starlings had suddenly woken up. There was a wild outburst, like a stormy sitting in the Italian Parliament. Then all was silent. Gumbril Senior listened, enchanted. His face, as he turned back towards the light, revealed itself all smiles. His hair seemed to have blown loose of its own accord, from within, so to speak; he pushed it into place. You heard them? he asked Mrs. Viveash. What can they have to say to one another, I wonder, at this time of night? And did you feel they were going to wake up? Mrs. Viveash inquired. No, said Gumbril Senior with candour. When weve finished, Gumbril Junior spoke with his mouth full, you must show Myra your model of London. Shed adore itexcept that it has no electric sky-signs. His father looked all of a sudden very much embarrassed. I dont think it would interest Mrs. Viveash much, he said. Oh, yes it would. Really, she declared. Well, as a matter of fact it isnt here. Gumbril Senior pulled with fury at his beard. Not here? But whats happened to it? 319 Gumbril Senior wouldnt explain. He just ignored his sons question and began to talk once more about the starlings. Later on, however, when Gumbril and Mrs. Viveash were preparing to go, the old man drew him apart into a corner and began to whisper the explanation. I didnt want to blare it about in front of strangers, he said, as though it were a question of the housemaids illegitimate baby or a repair to the water-closet. But the fact is, Ive sold it. The Victoria and Albert had wind that I was making it; theyve been wanting it all the time. And Ive let them have it. But why? Gumbril Junior asked in a tone of astonishment. He knew with what a paternal affectionno, more than paternal; for he was sure that his father was more whole-heartedly attached to his models than his sonwith what pride he regarded these children of his spirit. Gumbril Senior sighed. Its all that young imbecile, he said. What young imbecile? Porteouss son, of course. You see, poor Porteous has had to sell his library, among other things. You dont know what that means to him. All these precious books. And collected at the price of such hardships. I thought Id like to buy a few of the best ones back for him. They gave me quite a good price at the Museum. He came out of his corner and hurried across the room to help Mrs. Viveash with her cloak. Allow me, allow me, he said. Slowly and pensively Gumbril Junior followed him. Beyond good and evil? Below good and evil? The name of earwig.... The tubby pony trotted. The wild columbines suspended, among the shadows of the hazel copse, hooked spurs, helmets of aerial purple. The twelfth sonata 320 of Mozart was insecticide; no earwigs could crawl through that music. Emilys breasts were firm and pointed and she had slept at last without a tremor. In the starlight, good, true and beautiful became one. Write the discovery in booksin books quos , in the morning, legimus cacantes . They descended the stairs. The cab was waiting outside. The Last Ride again, said Mrs. Viveash. Golgotha Hospital, Southwark, said Gumbril to the driver and followed her into the cab. Drive, drive, drive, repeated Mrs. Viveash. I like your father, Theodore. One of these days hell fly away with the birds. And how nice it is of those starlings to wake themselves up like that in the middle of the night, merely to amuse him. Considering how unpleasant it is to be woken in the night. Where are we going? Were going to look at Shearwater in his laboratory. Is that a long way away? Immensely, said Gumbril. Thank God for that, Mrs. Viveash piously and expiringly breathed. 321 CHAPTER XXII Shearwater sat on his stationary bicycle, pedalling unceasingly like a man in a nightmare. The pedals were geared to a little wheel under the saddle and the rim of the wheel rubbed, as it revolved against a brake, carefully adjusted to make the work of the pedaller hard, but not impossibly hard. From a pipe which came up through the floor issued a little jet of water which played on the brake and kept it cool. But no jet of water played on Shearwater. It was his business to get hot. He did get hot. From time to time his dog-faced young friend, Lancing, came and looked through the window of the experimenting chamber to see how he was getting on. Inside that little wooden house, which might have reminded Lancing, if he had had a literary turn of mind, of the Box in which Gulliver left Brobdingnag, the scenes of intimate life were the same every time he looked in. Shearwater was always at his post on the saddle of the nightmare bicycle, pedalling, pedalling. The water trickled over the brake. And Shearwater sweated. Great drops of sweat came oozing out from under his hair, ran down over his forehead, hung beaded on his eyebrows, ran into his eyes, down his nose, along his cheeks, fell like raindrops. His thick bull-neck was wet; his whole naked body, his arms and legs streamed and shone. The sweat poured off him and was caught as it rained down in a waterproof sheet, to trickle down its 322 sloping folds into a large glass receptacle which stood under a hole in the centre of the sheet at the focal point where all its slopes converged. The automatically controlled heating apparatus in the basement kept the temperature in the box high and steady. Peering through the damp-dimmed panes of the window. Lancing noticed with satisfaction that the mercury stood unchangingly at twenty-seven point five Centigrade. The ventilators at the side and top of the box were open; Shearwater had air enough. Another time, Lancing reflected, theyd make the box air-tight and see the effect of a little carbon dioxide poisoning on top of excessive sweating. It might be very interesting, but to-day they were concerned with sweating only. After seeing that the thermometer was steady, that the ventilators were properly open, the water was still trickling over the brake, Lancing would tap at the window. And Shearwater, who kept his eyes fixed straight before him, as he pedalled slowly and unremittingly along his nightmare road, would turn his head at the sound. All right? Lancings lips moved and his eyebrows went up inquiringly. Shearwater would nod his big, round head, and the sweatdrops, suspended on his eyebrows and his moustache, would fall like little liquid fruits shaken suddenly by the wind. Good, and Lancing would go back to his thick German book under the reading-lamp at the other end of the laboratory. Constant as the thermometer Shearwater pedalled steadily and slowly on. With a few brief halts for food and rest, he had been pedalling ever since lunch-time. At eleven he would go to bed on a shake-down in the laboratory and at nine to-morrow morning he would re-enter the box 323 and start pedalling again. He would go on all to-morrow and the day after; and after that, as long as he could stand it. One, two, three, four. Pedal, pedal, pedal.... He must have travelled the equivalent of sixty or seventy miles this afternoon. He would be getting on for Swindon. He would be nearly at Portsmouth. He would be past Cambridge, past Oxford. He would be nearly at Harwich, pedalling through the green and golden valleys where Constable used to paint. He would be at Winchester by the bright stream. He would have ridden through the beech woods of Arundel out into the sea.... In any case he was far away, he was escaping. And Mrs. Viveash followed, walking swayingly along on feet that seemed to tread between two abysses, at her leisure. Pedal, pedal. The hydrogen ion concentration in the blood.... Formidably, calmly, her eyes regarded. The lids cut off an arc of those pale circles. When she smiled, it was a crucifixion. The coils of her hair were copper serpents. Her small gestures loosened enormous fragments of the universe and at the faint dying sound of her voice they had fallen in ruins about him. His world was no longer safe, it had ceased to stand on its foundations. Mrs. Viveash walked among his ruins and did not even notice them. He must build up again. Pedal, pedal. He was not merely escaping; he was working a building machine. It must be built with proportion; with proportion, the old man had said. The old man appeared in the middle of the nightmare road in front of him, clutching his beard. Proportion, proportion. There were first a lot of dirty rocks lying about; then there was St. Pauls. These bits of his life had to be built up proportionably. There was work. And there was talk about work and 324 ideas. And there were men who could talk about work and ideas. But so far as he had been concerned that was about all they could do. He would have to find out what else they did; it was interesting. And he would have to find out what other men did; men who couldnt talk about work and not much about ideas. They had as good kidneys as any one else. And then there were women. On the nightmare road he remained stationary. The pedals went round and round under his driving feet; the sweat ran off him. He was escaping, and yet he was also drawing nearer. He would have to draw nearer. Woman, what have I to do with you? Not enough; too much. Not enoughhe was building her in, a great pillar next to the pillar of work. Too muchhe was escaping. If he had not caged himself here in this hot box, he would have run out after her, to throw himselfall in fragments, all dissipated and uselessin front of her. And she wanted none of him. But perhaps it would be worse, perhaps it would be far, far worse if she did. The old man stood in the road before him, clutching his beard, crying out, Proportion, proportion. He trod and trod at his building machine, working up the pieces of his life, steadily, unremittingly working them into a proportionable whole, into a dome that should hang, light, spacious and high, as though by a miracle, on the empty air. He trod and trod, escaping, mile after mile into fatigue, into wisdom. He was at Dover now, pedalling across the Channel. He was crossing a dividing gulf and there would be safety on the other side; the cliffs of Dover were already behind him. He turned his head as though 325 to look back at them; the drops of sweat were shaken from his eyebrows, from the shaggy fringes of his moustache. He turned his head from the blank wooden wall in front of him over his left shoulder. A face was looking through the observation window behind hima womans face. It was the face of Mrs. Viveash. Shearwater uttered a cry and at once turned back again. He redoubled his pedalling. One, two, three, fourfuriously he rushed along the nightmare road. She was haunting him now in hallucinations. She was pursuing and she was gaining on him. Will, wisdom, resolution and understanding were of no avail, then? But there was always fatigue. The sweat poured down his face, streamed down the indented runnel of his spine, along the seam at the meeting-place of the ribs. His loin-cloth was wringing wet. The drops pattered continuously on the waterproof sheet. His calves and the muscles of his thighs ached with pedalling. One, two, three, fourhe trod round a hundred times with either foot. After that he ventured to turn his head once more. He was relieved, and at the same time he was disappointed, to see that there was now no face at the window. He had exorcised the hallucination. He settled down to a more leisurely pedalling. In the annexe of the laboratory the animals devoted to the service of physiology were woken by the sudden opening of the door, the sudden irruption of light. The albino guinea-pigs peered through the meshes of their hutch and their red eyes were like the rear-lights of bicycles. The pregnant she-rabbits lolloped out and shook their ears and pointed their tremulous noses towards the door. The cock into which Shearwater had engrafted an ovary came out, not knowing whether to crow or cluck. 326 When hes with hens, Lancing explained to his visitors, he thinks hes a cock. When hes with a cock, hes convinced hes a pullet. The rats who were being fed on milk from a London dairy came tumbling from their nest with an anxious hungry squeaking. They were getting thinner and thinner every day; in a few days they would be dead. But the old rat, whose diet was Grade A milk from the country, hardly took the trouble to move. He was as fat and sleek as a brown furry fruit, ripe to bursting. No skim and chalky water, no dried dung and tubercle bacilli for him. He was in clover. Next week, however, the fates were plotting to give him diabetes artificially. In their glass pagoda the little black axolotls crawled, the heraldry of Mexico, among a scanty herbage. The beetles, who had had their heads cut off and replaced by the heads of other beetles, darted uncertainly about, some obeying their heads, some their genital organs. A fifteen-year-old monkey, rejuvenated by the Steinach process, was discovered by the light of Lancings electric torch, shaking the bars that separated him from the green-furred, bald-rumped, bearded young beauty in the next cage. He was gnashing his teeth with thwarted passion. Lancing expounded to the visitors all the secrets. The vast, unbelievable, fantastic world opened out as he spoke. There were tropics, there were cold seas busy with living beings, there were forests full of horrible trees, silence and darkness. There were ferments and infinitesimal poisons floating in the air. There were leviathans suckling their young, there were flies and worms, there were men, living in cities, thinking, knowing good and evil. And all were changing continuously, moment by moment, and each 327 remained all the time itself by virtue of some unimaginable enchantment. They were all alive. And on the other side of the courtyard beyond the shed in which the animals slept or uneasily stirred, in the huge hospital that went up sheer like a windowed cliff into the air, men and women were ceasing to be themselves, or were struggling to remain themselves. They were dying, they were struggling to live. The other windows looked on to the river. The lights of London Bridge were on the right, of Blackfriars to the left. On the opposite shore, St. Pauls floated up as though self-supported in the moonlight. Like time the river flowed, silent and black. Gumbril and Mrs. Viveash leaned their elbows on the sill and looked out. Like time the river flowed, stanchlessly, as though from a wound in the worlds side. For a long time they were silent. They looked out, without speaking, across the flow of time, at the stars, at the human symbol hanging miraculously in the moonlight. Lancing had gone back to his German book; he had no time to waste looking out of windows. To-morrow, said Gumbril at last, meditatively. To-morrow, Mrs. Viveash interrupted him, will be as awful as to-day. She breathed it like a truth from beyond the grave prematurely revealed, expiringly from her death-bed within. Come, come, protested Gumbril. In his hot box Shearwater sweated and pedalled. He was across the Channel now; he felt himself safe. Still he trod on; he would be at Amiens by midnight if he went on at this rate. He was escaping, he had escaped. He was building up his strong light dome of life. Proportion, cried the old man, proportion! And it hung there, proportioned and beautiful in the dark, confused horror of his desires, 328 solid and strong and durable among his broken thoughts. Time flowed darkly past. And now, said Mrs. Viveash, straightening herself up, and giving herself a little shake, now well drive to Hampstead and have a look at Piers Cotton. PRINTED BY MORRISON AND GIBB LTD., EDINBURGH TRANSCRIBERS NOTES Silently corrected typographical errors and variations in spelling. Anachronistic, non-standard, and uncertain spellings retained as printed.