Saenz, Benjamin Alire. Aristotle and Dante discover the secrets of the universe Benjamin Alire Saenz. 1st ed. p. cm. Pe all the boys who ve had to lear to play by different rales Corterts The Different Rules of Summer Chapter One Chapter Two Chapter Three Chapter Four Chapter Five Chapter Six Chapter Seven Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Ten Chapter Eleven Chapter Twelve Sparrows Falling from the Sky Chapter One Chapter Two Chapter Three Chapter Four Chapter Five Chapter Six Chapter Seven Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Ten Chapter Eleven Chapter Twelve The End of Summer Chapter One Chapter Two Chapter Three Chapter Four Chapter Five Chapter Six Chapter Seven Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Ten Chapter Eleven Letters on a Page Chapter One Chapter Two Chapter Three Chapter Four Chapter Five Chapter Six Chapter Seven Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Ten Chapter Eleven Chapter Twelve Chapter Thirteen Chapter Fourteen Chapter Fifteen Chapter Sixteen Chapter Seventeen Chapter Eighteen Chapter Nineteen Chapter Twenty Chapter Twenty-One Chapter Twenty-Two Chapter Twenty-Three Chapter Twenty-Four Chapter Twenty-Five Chapter Twenty-Six Chapter Twenty-Seven Chapter Twenty-Eight Chapter Twenty-Nine Chapter Thirty Chapter Thirty-One Remember the Rain Chapter One Chapter Two Chapter Three Chapter Four Chapter Five Chapter Six Chapter Seven Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Ten Chapter Eleven Chapter Twelve Chapter Thirteen Chapter Fourteen Chapter Fifteen Chapter Sixteen Chapter Seventeen Chapter Eighteen All the Secrets of the Universe Chapter One Chapter Two Chapter Three Chapter Four Chapter Five Chapter Six Chapter Seven Chapter Eight Chapter Nine Chapter Ten Chapter Eleven Chapter Twelve Chapter Thirteen Chapter Fourteen Chapter Fifteen Chapter Sixteen Chapter Seventeen Chapter Eighteen Chapter Nineteen Chapter Twenty Chapter Twenty-One Acknowledgments WHY DO WE SMILE? WHY DO WE LAUGH? WHY DO we feel alone? Why are we sad and confused? Why do we read poetry? Why do we cry when we see a painting? Why is there a riot in the heart when we love? Why do we feel shame? What is that thing in the pit of your stomach called desire? The biafperent piles of Vammer The problem with my life was that it was someone elses idea. Cee ONE SUMMER NIGHT  FELL ASLEEP, HOPING THE WORLD would be different when I woke. In the morning, when I opened my eyes, the world was the same. I threw off the sheets and lay there as the heat poured in through my open window. My hand reached for the dial on the radio. Alone was playing. Crap, Alone, a song by a group called Heart. Not my favorite song. Not my favorite group. Not my favorite topic. You dont know how long... I was fifteen. I was bored. I was miserable. As far as I was concerned, the sun could have melted the blue right off the sky. Then the sky could be as miserable as I was. The DJ was saying annoying, obvious things like, Its summer! Its hot out there! And then he put on that retro Lone Ranger tune, something he liked to play every morning because he thought it was a hip way to wake up the world. Hi-yo, Silver! Who hired this guy? He was killing me. I think that as we listened to the William Tell Overture, we were supposed to be imagining the Lone Ranger and Tonto riding their horses through the desert. Maybe someone should have told that guy that we all werent ten-year-olds anymore. Hi-yo, Silver! Crap. The DJs voice was on the airwaves again Wake up, El Paso! Its Monday, June fifteenth, 1987! 1987! Can you believe it? And a big Happy Birthday goes out to Waylon Jennings, whos fifty years old today! Waylon Jennings? This was a rock station, dammit! But then he said something that hinted at the fact that he might have a brain. He told the story about how Waylon Jennings had survived the 1959 plane crash that killed Buddy Holly and Richie Valens. On that note, he put on the remake of La Bamba by Los Lobos. La Bamba. I could cope with that. I tapped my bare feet on the wood floor. As I nodded my head to the beat, I started wondering what had gone through Richie Valenss head before the plane crashed into the unforgiving ground. Hey, Buddy! The musics over. For the music to be over so soon. For the music to be over when it had just begun. That was really sad. ao  WALKED INTO THE KITCHEN. MY MOM WAS PREPARING lunch for a meeting with her Catholic-Church-lady friends. I poured myself a glass of orange juice. My mom smiled at me. Are you going to say good morning? Im thinking about it, I said. Well, at least you dragged yourself out of bed. I had to think about it for a long time. What is it about boys and sleep? We're good at it. That made her laugh. Anyway, I wasnt sleeping. I was listening to La Bamba. Richie Valens, she said, almost whispering. So sad. Just like your Patsy Cline. She nodded. Sometimes I caught her singing that song, Crazy, and I'd smile. And shed smile. It was like we shared a secret. My mom, she had a nice voice. Plane crashes, my mother whispered. I think she was talking more to herself than to me. Maybe Richie Valens died youngbut he did something. I mean, he really did something. Me? What have I done? You have time, she said. Theres plenty of time. The eternal optimist. Well, you have to become a person first, I said. She gave me a funny look. Im fifteen. I know how old you are. Fifteen-year-olds dont qualify as people. My mom laughed. She was a high school teacher. I knew she half agreed with me. So whats the big meeting about? We're reorganizing the food bank. Food bank? Everyone should eat. My mom had a thing for the poor. Shed been there. She knew things about hunger that Id never know. Yeah, I said. I guess so. Maybe you can help us out? Sure, I said. I hated being volunteered. The problem with my life was that it was someone elses idea. What are you going to do today? It sounded like a challenge. Tm going to join a gang. Thats not funny. Im Mexican. Isnt that what we do? Not funny. Not funny, I said. Okay, not funny. I had the urge to leave the house. Not that I had anywhere to go. When my mom had her Catholic-Church-lady friends over, I felt like I was suffocating. It wasnt so much that all her friends were over fiftythat wasnt it. And it wasnt even all the comments about how I was turning into a man right before their eyes. I mean, I knew bullshit when I heard it. And as bullshit went, it was the nice, harmless, affectionate kind. I could handle them grabbing me by the shoulders and saying, Let me look at you. Dejame ver. Ay que muchacho tan guapo. Te pareces a tu papa. Not that there was anything to look at. It was just me. And yeah, yeah, I looked like my dad. I didnt think that was such a great thing. But what really bugged the living crap out of me was that my mother had more friends than I did. How sad was that? I decided to go swimming at the Memorial Park pool. It was a small idea. But at least the idea was mine. As I was walking out the door, my mom took the old towel Id slung over my shoulder and exchanged it for a better one. There were certain towel rules that existed in my mothers world that I just didnt get. But the rules didnt stop at towels. She looked at my T-shirt. I knew a look of disapproval when I saw one. Before she made me change, I gave her one of my own looks. Its my favorite T-shirt, I said. Didnt you wear that yesterday? Yes, I said. Its Carlos Santana. I know who it is, she said. Dad gave it to me on my birthday. As I recall you didnt seem all that thrilled when you opened your fathers gift. I was hoping for something else. Something else? I dont know. Something else. A T-shirt for my birthday? I looked at my Mom. I guess I just dont understand him. Hes not that complicated, Ari. He doesnt talk. Sometimes when people talk, they dont always tell the truth. Guess so, I said. Anyway, Im really into this T-shirt now. I can see that. She was smiling. I was smiling too. Dad got it at his first concert. I was there. I remember. Its old and ratty. Im sentimental. Sure you are. Mom, its summer. Yes, she said, it is summer. Different rules, I said. Different rules, she repeated. I loved the different rules of summer. My mother endured them. She reached over and combed my hair with her fingers. Promise me you wont wear it tomorrow. Okay, I said. I promise. But only if you promise not to put it in the dryer. Maybe Ill let you wash it yourself. She smiled at me. Dont drown. I smiled back. If I do, dont give my dog away. The dog thing was a joke. We didnt have one. Mom, she got my sense of humor. I got hers. We were good that way. Not that she wasnt something of a mystery. One thing that I completely gotI got why my father fell in love with her. Why she fell in love with my father was something I still couldnt wrap my head around. Once, when I was about six or seven, I was really mad at my father because I wanted him to play with me and he just seemed so far away. It was like I wasnt even there. I asked my mom with all my boyhood anger, How could you have married that guy? She smiled and combed my hair with her fingers. That was always her thing. She looked straight into my eyes and said calmly, Your father was beautiful. She didnt even hesitate. I wanted to ask her what happened to all that beauty. Yavee WHEN  WALKED INTO THE HEAT OF THE DAY, EVEN THE lizards knew better than to be crawling around. Even the birds were laying low. The tarred patches on the cracks of the street were melting. The blue of the sky was pale and it occurred to me that maybe everybody had fled the city and its heat. Or maybe everyone had died like in one of those sci-fi flicks, and I was the last boy on earth. But just as that thought ran through my head, a pack of guys who lived in the neighborhood passed me on their bikes, making me wish I was the last boy on earth. They were laughing and messing around and they seemed like they were having a good time. One of the guys yelled at me, Hey, Mendoza! Hanging out with all your friends? I waved, pretending to be a good sport, ha ha ha. And then I flipped them the bird. One of the guys stopped, turned around and started circling me on his bike. You want to do that again? he said. I gave him the bird again. He stopped his bike right in front of me and tried to stare me down. It wasnt working. I knew who he was. His brother, Javier, had tried to mess with me once. Id punched the guy. Enemies for life. I wasnt sorry. Yeah, well, I had a temper. I admit it. He put on his mean voice. Like it scared me. Dont screw with me, Mendoza. I gave him the bird again and pointed it at his face just like it was a gun. He just took off on his bike. There were a lot of things I was afraid ofbut not guys like him. Most guys didnt screw with me. Not even guys who ran around in packs. They all passed me on their bikes again, yelling stuff. They were all thirteen and fourteen and messing with guys like me was just a game for them. As their voices faded, I started feeling sorry for myself. Feeling sorry for myself was an art. I think a part of me liked doing that. Maybe it had something to do with my birth order. You know, I think that was part of it. I didnt like the fact that I was a pseudo only child. I didnt know how else to think of myself. I was an only child without actually being one. That sucked. My twin sisters were twelve years older. Twelve years was a lifetime. I swear it was. And theyd always made me feel like a baby or a toy or a project or a pet. Im really into dogs, but sometimes I got the feeling I was nothing more than the family mascot. Thats the Spanish word for a dog whos the family pet. Mascoto. Mascot. Great. Ari, the family mascot. And my brother, he was eleven years older. He was even less accessible to me than my sisters. I couldnt even mention his name. Who the hell likes to talk about older brothers who are in prison? Not my mom and dad, that was for sure. Not my sisters either. Maybe all that silence about my brother did something to me. I think it did. Not talking can make a guy pretty lonely. My parents were young and struggling when my sisters and brother were born. Struggling is my parents favorite word. Sometime after three children and trying to finish college, my father joined the Marines. Then he went off to war. The war changed him. I was born when he came home. Sometimes I think my father has all these scars. On his heart. In his head. All over. Its not such an easy thing to be the son of a man whos been to war. When I was eight, I overheard my mother talking to my Aunt Ophelia on the phone. I dont think that the war will ever be over for him. Later I asked my Aunt Ophelia if that was true. Yes, she said, its true. But why won't the war leave my dad alone? Because your father has a conscience, she said. What happened to him in the war? No one knows. Why won't he tell? Because he cant. So thats the way it was. When I was eight, I didnt know anything about war. I didnt even know what a conscience was. All I knew is that sometimes my father was sad. I hated that he was sad. It made me sad too. I didnt like sad. So I was the son of a man who had Vietnam living inside him. Yeah, I had all kinds of tragic reasons for feeling sorry for myself. Being fifteen didnt help. Sometimes I thought that being fifteen was the worst tragedy of all. ee WHEN  GOT TO THE POOL,  HAD TO TAKE A SHOWER. That was one of the rules. Yeah, rules. I hated taking a shower with a bunch of other guys. I dont know, I just didnt like that. You know, some guys liked to talk a lot, like it was a normal thing to be in the shower with a bunch of guys and talking about the teacher you hated or the last movie you saw or the girl you wanted to do something with. Not me, I didnt have anything to say. Guys in the shower. Not my thing. I walked to the pool and sat on the shallow side and put my feet in the water. What do you do in a pool when you dont know how to swim? Learn. I guess that was the answer. I had managed to teach my body to stay afloat on water. Somehow, Id stumbled on some principal of physics. And the best part of the whole thing was that Id made the discovery all on my own. All on my own. I was in love with that phrase. I wasnt very good at asking for help, a bad habit I inherited from my father. And anyway, the swimming instructors who called themselves lifeguards sucked. They werent all that interested in teaching a skinny fifteen-year-old punk how to swim. They were pretty much interested in girls that had suddenly sprouted breasts. They were obsessed with breasts. Thats the truth. I heard one of the lifeguards talking to one of the other lifeguards as he was supposed to be watching a group of little kids. A girl is like a tree covered with leaves. You just want to climb up and tear all those leaves off. The other guy laughed. You're an asshole, he said. Nah, Im a poet, he said. A poet of the body. And then they both busted out laughing. Yeah, sure, they were budding Walt Whitmans, the two of them. See, the thing about guys is that I didnt really care to be around them. I mean, guys really made me uncomfortable. I dont know why, not exactly. I just, I dont know, I just didnt belong. I think it embarrassed the hell out of me that I was a guy. And it really depressed me that there was the distinct possibility that I was going to grow up and be like one of those assholes. A girl is like a tree? Yeah, and a guy is about as smart as a piece of dead wood infested with termites. My mom would have said that they were just going through a phase. Pretty soon they would get their brains back. Sure they would. Maybe life was just a series of phasesone phase after another after another. Maybe, in a couple of years, Id be going through the same phase as the eighteen-year-old lifeguards. Not that I really believed in my moms phase theory. It didnt sound like an explanationit sounded like an excuse. I dont think my mom got the whole guy thing. I didnt get the guy thing either. And I was a guy. I had a feeling there was something wrong with me. I guess I was a mystery even to myself. That sucked. I had serious problems. One thing was for sure there was no way I was going to ask one of those idiots to help me out with my swimming. It was better to be alone and miserable. It was better to drown. So I just kept to myself and sort of floated along. Not that I was having fun. Thats when I heard his voice, kind of squeaky. I can teach you how to swim. I moved over to the side of the pool and stood up in the water, squinting into the sunlight. He sat down on the edge of the pool. I looked at him suspiciously. If a guy was offering to teach me how to swim, then for sure he didnt have a life. Two guys without a life? How much fun could that be? I had a rule that it was better to be bored by yourself than to be bored with someone else. I pretty much lived by that rule. Maybe thats why I didnt have any friends. He looked at me. Waiting. And then he asked again. I can teach you how to swim, if you want. I kind of liked his voice. He sounded like he had a cold, you know, like he was about to lose his voice. You talk funny, I said. Allergies, he said. What are you allergic to? The air, he said. That made me laugh. My names Dante, he said. That made me laugh harder. Sorry, I said. Its okay. People laugh at my name. No, no, I said. See, its just that my names Aristotle. His eyes lit up. I mean, the guy was ready to listen to every word I said. Aristotle, I repeated. Then we both kind of went a little crazy. Laughing. My fathers an English professor, he said. At least you have an excuse. My fathers a mailman. Aristotle is the English version of my grandfathers name. And then I pronounced my grandfather's name with this really formal Mexican accent, Aristotiles. And my real first name is Angel. And then I said it in Spanish, Angel. Your name is Angel Aristotle? Yeah. Thats my real name. We laughed again. We couldnt stop. I wondered what it was we were laughing about. Was it just our names? Were we laughing because we were relieved? Were we happy? Laughter was another one of lifes mysteries. I used to tell people my name was Dan. I mean, you know, I just dropped two letters. But I stopped doing that. It wasnt honest. And anyway, I always got found out. And I felt like a liar and an idiot.  was ashamed of myself for being ashamed of myself. I didnt like feeling like that. He shrugged his shoulders. Everyone calls me Ari, I said. Nice to meet you, Ari. I liked the way he said Nice to meet you, Ari. Like he meant it. Okay, I said, teach me how to swim. I guess I said it like I was doing him a favor. He either didnt notice or didnt care. Dante was a very precise teacher. He was a real swimmer, understood everything about the movements of arms and legs and breathing, understood how a body functioned while it was in the water. Water was something he loved, something he respected. He understood its beauty and its dangers. He talked about swimming as if it were a way of life. He was fifteen years old. Who was this guy? He looked a little fragilebut he wasnt. He was disciplined and tough and knowledgeable and he didnt pretend to be stupid and ordinary. He was neither of those things. He was funny and focused and fierce. I mean the guy could be fierce. And there wasnt anything mean about him. I didnt understand how you could live in a mean world and not have any of that meanness rub off on you. How could a guy live without some meanness? Dante became one more mystery in a universe full of mysteries. All that summer, we swam and read comics and read books and argued about them. Dante had all his fathers old Superman comics. He loved them. He also liked Archie and Veronica. I hated that shit. Its not shit, he said. Me, I liked Batman, Spider-Man, and the Incredible Hulk. Way too dark, Dante said. This from a guy who loves Conrads Heart of Darkness. Thats different, he said. Conrad wrote literature. I was always arguing that comic books were literature too. But literature was very serious business for a guy like Dante. I dont remember ever winning an argument with him. He was a better debater. He was also a better reader. I read Conrads book because of him. When I finished reading it, I told him IJ hated it. Except, I said, its true. The world is a dark place. Conrads right about that. Maybe your world, Ari, but not mine. Yeah, yeah, I said. Yeah, yeah, he said. The truth is, Id lied to him. I loved the book. I thought it was the most beautiful thing Id ever read. When my father noticed what I was reading, he told me it was one of his favorite books. I wanted to ask him if hed read it before or after hed fought in Vietnam. It was no good to ask my father questions. He never answered them. I had this idea that Dante read because he liked to read. Me, I read because I didnt have anything else to do. He analyzed things. I just read them. I have a feeling I had to look up more words in the dictionary than he did. I was darker than he was. And Im not just talking about our skin coloring. He told me I had a tragic vision of life. Thats why you like Spider-Man. Im just more Mexican, I said. Mexicans are a tragic people. Maybe so, he said. You're the optimistic American. Is that an insult? It might be, I said. We laughed. We always laughed. We weren't alike, Dante and I. But we did have a few things in common. For one thing, neither one of us was allowed to watch television during the day. Our parents didnt like what television did to a boys mind. Wed both grown up with lectures that sounded more or less like this Youre a boy! Get out there and do something! Theres a whole world out there just waiting for you . . . Dante and I were the last two boys in America who grew up without television. He asked me one day. Do you think our parents are rightthat theres a whole world out there waiting just for us? I doubt it, I said. He laughed. Then I got this idea. Lets ride the bus and see whats out there. Dante smiled. We both fell in love with riding the bus. Sometimes we rode around on the bus all afternoon. I told Dante, Rich people dont ride the bus. That's why we like it. Maybe so, I said. Are we poor? No. Then he smiled. If we ran away from home, wed both be poor. I thought that was a very interesting thing to say. Would you ever? I said. Run away? No. Why not? You want me to tell you a secret? Sure. Im crazy about my mom and dad. That really made me smile. Id never heard anyone say that about their parents. I mean, no one was crazy about their parents. Except Dante. And then he whispered in my ear. That lady two seats in front of us. I think shes having an affair. How do you know? I whispered. She took off her wedding band as she got on the bus. I nodded and smiled. We made up stories about the other bus riders. For all we knew, they were writing stories about us. Id never really been very close to other people. I was pretty much a loner. Id played basketball and baseball and done the Cub Scout thing, tried the Boy Scout thingbut I always kept my distance from the other boys. I never ever felt like I was a part of their world. Boys. I watched them. Studied them. In the end, I didnt find most of the guys that surrounded me very interesting. In fact, I was pretty disgusted. Maybe I was a little superior. But I dont think I was superior. I just didnt understand how to talk to them, how to be myself around them. Being around other guys didnt make me feel smarter. Being around guys made me feel stupid and inadequate. It was like they were all a part of this club and I wasnt a member. When I was old enough for Boy Scouts, I told my dad I wasnt going to do it. I couldnt stand it anymore. Give it a year, my dad said. My dad knew that I sometimes liked to fight. He was always giving me lectures about physical violence. He was trying to keep me away from the gangs at my school. He was trying to keep me from becoming like my brother who wound up in prison. So, because of my brother, whose existence was not even acknowledged, I had to be a good boy scout. That sucked. Why did I have to be a good boy just because I had a bad-boy brother? I hated the way my mom and dad did family math. I humored my dad. I gave it a year. I hated itexcept that I learned how to do CPR. I mean, I didnt like the bit about having to breathe into someone elses mouth. That sort of freaked me out. But for some reason the whole thing fascinated me, how you could get a heart to start again. I didnt quite understand the science of it. But after I got a patch for learning how to bring someone back to life, I quit. I came home and gave the patch to my dad. I think youre making a mistake. Thats all my dad said. Im not going to wind up in the slammer. Thats what I wanted to say. Instead, I just mouthed off. If you make me go back, I swear IIl start smoking pot. My father gave me a strange look. Its your life, he said. Like that was really true. And another thing about my father He didnt give lectures. Not real ones. Which pissed me off. He wasnt a mean guy. And he didnt have a bad temper. He spoke in short sentences Its your life. Give it a try. You sure you want to do that? Why couldnt he just talk? How was I supposed to know him when he didnt let me? I hated that. I got along okay. I had school friends. Sort of. I wasnt wildly popular. How could I be? In order to be wildly popular you had to make people believe that you were fun and interesting. I just wasnt that much of a con artist. There were a couple of guys I used to hang around with, the Gomez brothers. But they moved away. And there were a couple of girls, Gina Navarro and Susie Byrd, who liked to torment me as a hobby. Girls. They were mysteries too. Everything was a mystery. I guess I didnt have it so bad. Maybe everybody didnt love me, but I wasnt one of those kids that everyone hated, either. I was good in a fight. So people left me alone. I was mostly invisible. I think I liked it that way. And then Dante came along. Seve AFTER MY FOURTH SWIMMING LESSON, DANTE INVITED me to go over to his house. He lived less than a block from the swimming pool in a big old house across the street from the park. He introduced me to his father, the English professor. Id never met a Mexican-American man who was an English professor. I didnt know they existed. And really, he didnt look like a professor. He was young and handsome and easygoing and it seemed like a part of him was still a boy. He seemed like a man who was in love with being alive. So different from my father, who had always kept his distance from the world. There was a darkness in my father that I didnt understand. Dantes father didnt have any darkness in him. Even his black eyes seemed to be full of light. That afternoon, when I met Dantes father, he was wearing jeans and a T-shirt and he was sitting on a leather chair in his office, reading a book. Id never known anyone who actually had an office in his own house. Dante walked up to his father and kissed him on the cheek. I would have never done that. Not ever. You didnt shave this morning, Dad. Its summer, his dad said. That means you dont have to work. That means I have to finish writing my book. Writing a book isnt work. Dantes father laughed really hard when he said that. You have a lot to learn about work. Its summer, Dad. I dont want to hear about work. You never want to hear about work. Dante didnt like where the conversation was going so he tried to change the subject. Are you going to grow a beard? No. He laughed. Its too hot. And besides, your mother wont kiss me if I go more than a day without shaving. Wow, shes strict. Yup. And what would you do without her kisses? He grinned, then looked up at me. How do you put up with this guy? You must be Ari. Yes, sir.  was nervous. I wasnt used to meeting anybodys parents. Most of the parents Id met in my life weren't all that interested in talking to me. He got up from his chair and put his book down. He walked up to me and shook my hand. Im Sam, he said. Sam Quintana. Nice to meet you, Mr. Quintana. Id heard that phrase, nice to meet you, a thousand times. When Dante had said it to me, hed sounded real. But when I said it, I felt stupid and unoriginal. I wanted to hide somewhere. You can call me Sam, he said. I cant, I said. God, I wanted to hide. He nodded. Thats sweet, he said. And respectful. The word sweet had never passed my fathers lips. He gave Dante a look. The young man has some respect. Maybe you can learn something from him, Dante. You mean you want me to call you Mr. Quintana? They both kept themselves from laughing. He turned his attention back to me. Hows the swimming? Dantes a good teacher, I said. Dantes good at a lot of things. But hes not very good at cleaning his room. Cleaning a room is too closely related to the word work. Dante shot him a look. Is that a hint? You're quick, Dante. You must get that from your mother. Dont be a wiseass, Dad. What was that word you just used? Does that word offend you? Its not the word. Maybe its the attitude. Dante rolled his eyes and sat on his fathers chair. He took off his tennis shoes. Dont get too comfortable. He pointed up. Theres a pig sty up there that has your name on it. It made me smile, the way they got along, the easy and affectionate way they talked to each other as if love between a father and a son was simple and uncomplicated. My mom and I, sometimes the thing we had between us was easy and uncomplicated. Sometimes. But me and my dad, we didnt have that. I wondered what that would be like, to walk into a room and kiss my father. We went upstairs and Dante showed me his room. It was a big room with a high ceiling and wood floors and lots of old windows to let in the light. There was stuff everywhere. Clothes spread all over the floor, a pile of old albums, books scattered around, legal pads with stuff written on them, Polaroid photographs, a couple of cameras, a guitar without any strings, sheet music, and a bulletin board cluttered with notes and pictures. He put on some music. He had a record player. A real record player from the sixties. It was my moms, he said. She was going to throw it away. Can you believe that? He put on Abbey Road, his favorite album. Vinyl, he said. Real vinyl. None of this cassette crap. Whats wrong with cassettes? I dont trust them. I thought that was a really weird thing to say. Funny and weird. Records scratch easily. Not if you take care of them. I looked around his messy room. I can see that you really like to take care of things. He didnt get mad. He laughed. He handed me a book. Here, he said. You can read this while I clean my room. Maybe I should just, you know, leave you I stopped. My eyes searched the messy room. Its a little scary in here. He smiled. Dont, he said. Dont leave. I hate cleaning my room. Maybe if you didnt have so many things. Its just stuff, he said. I didnt say anything. I didnt have stuff. If you stay, it won't be so bad. Somehow, I felt out of placebutOkay, I said. Should I help? No. Its my job. He said that with a kind of resignation. As my mom would say, Its your responsibility, Dante. Responsibility is my mothers favorite word. She doesnt think my father pushes me hard enough. Of course he doesnt. I mean, what does she expect? Dads not a pusher. She married the guy. Doesnt she know what kind of guy he is? Do you always analyze your parents? They analyze us, dont they? Thats their job, Dante. Tell me you dont analyze your mom and dad. Guess I do. Doesnt do me any good. I havent figured them out yet. Well, me, I figured my dad outnot my mom. My mom is the biggest mystery in the world. I mean, shes predictable when it comes to parenting. But really, shes inscrutable. Inscrutable. I knew when I went home, I would have to look up the word. Dante looked at me like it was my turn to say something. I figured my mom out, mostly, I said. My dad. Hes inscrutable too. I felt like such a fraud, using that word. Maybe that was the thing about me. I wasnt a real boy. I was a fraud. He handed me a book of poetry. Read this, he said. Id never read a book of poems before and wasnt even sure I knew how to read a book of poems. I looked at him blankly. Poetry, he said. It wont kill you. What if it does? Boy Dies of Boredom While Reading Poetry. He tried not to laugh, but he wasnt good at controlling all the laughter that lived inside of him. He shook his head and started gathering all the clothes on the floor. He pointed at his chair. Just throw that stuff on the floor and have a seat. I picked up a pile of art books and a sketch pad and set it on the floor. Whats this? A sketch pad. Can I see? He shook his head. I dont like to show it to anyone. That was interestingthat he had secrets. He pointed to the poetry book. Really, it wont kill you. All afternoon, Dante cleaned. And I read that book of poems by a poet named William Carlos Williams. Id never heard of him, but Id never heard of anybody. And I actually understood some of it. Not all of itbut some. And I didnt hate it. That surprised me. It was interesting, not stupid or silly or sappy or overly intellectualnot any of those things that I thought poetry was. Some poems were easier than others. Some were inscrutable. I was thinking that maybe I did know the meaning of that word. I got to thinking that poems were like people. Some people you got right off the bat. Some people you just didnt getand never would get. I was impressed by the fact that Dante could be so systematic in the way he organized everything in his room. When wed walked in, the place had been all chaos. But when he finished, everything was in its place. Dantes world had order. Hed organized all his books on a shelf and on his desk. I keep the books Im going to read next on my desk, he said. A desk. A real desk. When I had to write something, I used the kitchen table. He grabbed the book of poems away from me and went looking for a poem. The poem was titled Death. He was so perfect in his newly organized room, the western sun streaming in, his face in the light and the book in his hand as if it was meant to be there, in his hands, and only in his hands. I liked his voice as he read the poem as if he had written it Hes dead the dog won't have to sleep on the potatoes anymore to keep them from freezing hes dead the old bastard When Dante read the word bastard he smiled. I knew he loved saying it because it was a word he was not allowed not use, a word that was banned. But here in his room, he could read that word and make it his. All afternoon, I sat in that large comfortable chair in Dantes room and he lay down on his newly made bed. And he read poems. I didnt worry about understanding them. I didnt care about what they meant. I didnt care because what mattered is that Dantes voice felt real. And I felt real. Until Dante, being with other people was the hardest thing in the world for me. But Dante made talking and living and feeling seem like all those things were perfectly natural. Not in my world, they weren't. I went home and looked up the word inscrutable. It meant something that could not easily be understood. I wrote down all the synonyms in my journal. Obscure. Unfathomable. Enigmatic. Mysterious. That afternoon, I learned two new words. Inscrutable. And friend. Words were different when they lived inside of you. Se ONE LATE AFTERNOON, DANTE CAME OVER TO MY house and introduced himself to my parents. Who did stuff like that? Im Dante Quintana, he said. He taught me how to swim, I said. I dont know why, but I just needed to confess that fact to my parents. And then I looked at my mom. You said dont drownso I found someone to help me keep my promise. My dad glanced at my mom. I think they were smiling at each other. Yeah, they were thinking, hes finally found a friend. I hated that. Dante shook my dads handthen handed him a book. I brought you a gift, he said. I stood there and watched him. Id seen the book on a coffee table in his house. It was an art book filled with the work of Mexican painters. He seemed so adult, not like a fifteen-year-old at all. Somehow, even his long hair that he didnt like to comb made him seem more adult. My dad smiled as he studied the bookbut then he said, Dante, this is really very generousbut I dont know if I can accept this. My dad held the book carefully, afraid to damage it. He and my mother exchanged glances. My mom and dad did a lot of that. They liked to talk without talking. I made up things about what they said to each other with those looks. Its about Mexican art, Dante said. So you have to take it. I could almost see his mind working as he thought of a convincing argument. A convincing argument that was true. My parents didnt want me to come over here empty-handed. He looked at my dad very seriously. So you have to take it. My mother took the book from my fathers hands and looked at the cover. Its a beautiful book. Thank you, Dante. You should thank my dad. It was his idea. My father smiled. That was the second time in less than a minute that my father had smiled. This was not a common occurrence. Dad was not big on smiling. Thank your father for me, will you, Dante? My father took the book and sat down with it. As if it was some kind of treasure. See, I didnt get my dad. I could never guess how he would react to things. Not ever. Clever THERES NOTHING IN YOUR ROOM. Theres a bed, a clock radio, a rocking chair, a bookcase, some books. Thats not nothing. Nothing on the walls. I took down my posters. Why? Didn't like them. You're like a monk. Yeah. Aristotle the monk. Dont you have hobbies? Sure. Staring at the blank walls. Maybe you'll be a priest. You have to believe in God to be a priest. You dont believe in God? Not even a little? Maybe a little. But not a lot. So you're an agnostic? Sure. A Catholic agnostic. That really made Dante laugh. I didnt say it to be funny. I know. But it is funny. Do you think its badto doubt? No. I think its smart. I dont think Im so smart. Not like you, Dante. You are smart, Ari. Very smart. And anyway, being smart isnt everything. People just make fun of you. My dad says its all right if people make fun of you. You know what he said to me? He said, Dante, youre an intellectual. Thats who you are. Dont be ashamed of that. I noticed his smile was a little sad. Maybe everyone was a little sad. Maybe so. Ari, Im trying not to be ashamed. I knew what it was like to be ashamed. Only, Dante knew why. And I didnt. Dante. I really liked him. I really, really liked him.  WATCHED MY FATHER THUMB THROUGH THE PAGES. It was obvious that he loved that book. And because of that book, I learned something new about my father. Hed studied art before he joined the Marines. That seemed not to fit with the picture I had of my father. But I liked the idea. One evening, when he was looking through the book, he called me over. Look at this, he said, Its a mural by Orozco. I stared at the reproduced mural in the bookbut I was more interested in his finger as he tapped the book with approval. That finger had pulled a trigger in a war. That finger had touched my mother in tender ways I did not fully comprehend. I wanted to talk, to say something, to ask questions. But I couldnt. All the words were stuck in my throat. So I just nodded. Id never thought of my father as the kind of man who understood art. I guess I saw him as an ex-Marine who became a mailman after he came home from Vietnam. An ex-Marine mailman who didnt like to talk much. An ex-Marine mailman who came home from a war and had one more son. Not that I thought that I was his idea. I always thought it was my mother who wanted to have me. Not that I really knew whose idea my life was. I made up too many things in my head. I could have asked my father lots of questions. I could have. But there was something in his face and eyes and in his crooked smile that prevented me from asking. I guess I didnt believe he wanted me to know who he was. So I just collected clues. Watching my father read that book was another clue in my collection. Some day all the clues would come together. And I would solve the mystery of my father. Alae ONE DAY, AFTER SWIMMING, DANTE AND  WENT WALKING around. We stopped at the 7-Eleven. He bought a Coke and peanuts. I bought a PayDay. He offered me a drink from his Coke. Don't like Cokes, I said. Thats weird. Why? Everybody likes Cokes. I don't. What do you like? Coffee and tea. Thats weird. Okay, Im weird. Shut up. He laughed. We walked around. I guess we just didnt want to go home. We talked about stuff. Stupid stuff. And then he asked me, Why do Mexicans like nicknames? I dont know. Do we? Yes. You know what my aunts call my mom? They call her Chole. Is her name Soledad? See what I mean, Ari? You know. You know the nickname for Soledad. Its like in the air. Whats that about? Why cant they just call her Soledad? Whats this Chole business? Where do they get Chole from? Why does it bother you so much? I dont know. Its weird. Is that the word of the day? He laughed and downed some peanuts. Does your mother have a nickname? Lilly. Her names Liliana. Thats a nice name. So is Soledad. No, not really. How would you like to be named Solitude? It can also mean lonely, I said. See? What a sad name. I dont think its sad. I think its a beautiful name. I think it fits your mom just right. I said. Maybe so. But Sam, Sam is perfect for my dad. Yeah. Whats your Dads name? Jaime. I like that name. His real names Santiago. Dante smiled. See what I mean about the nicknames? It bothers you that youre Mexican, doesnt it? No. I looked at him. Yes, it bothers me. I offered him some of my PayDay. He took a bite. I dont know, he said. Yeah, I said. It bothers you. You know what I think, Ari? I think Mexicans dont like me. Thats a weird thing to say, I said. Weird, he said. Weird, I said. wee ONE NIGHT, WHEN THERE WAS NO MOON IN THE NIGHT sky, Dantes mom and dad took us out into the desert so we could use his new telescope. On the drive out, Dante and his dad sang along with the Beatlesnot that either of them had good singing voices. Not that they cared. They touched a lot. A family of touchers and kissers. Every time Dante entered the house, he kissed his mom and dad on the cheek or they kissed himas if all that kissing was perfectly normal. I wondered what my father would do if I ever went up to him and kissed him on the cheek. Not that he would yell at me. ButI dont know. It took us a while to drive out into the desert. Mr. Quintana seemed to know a good place where we could watch the stars. Somewhere away from the lights of the city. Light pollution. Thats what Dante called it. Dante seemed to know a great deal about light pollution. Mr. Quintana and Dante set up the telescope. I watched them and listened to the radio. Mrs. Quintana offered me a Coke. I took it, even though I didnt like Cokes. Dante says you're very smart. Compliments made me nervous. Im not as smart as Dante. Then I heard Dantes voice interrupting our conversation. I thought we talked about this, Ari. What? his mother said. Nothing. Its just that most smart people are perfect shits. Dante! his mother said. Yeah, Mom, I know, the language. Why is it you like to cuss so much, Dante? Its fun, he said. Mr. Quintana laughed. It is fun, he said. But then he said, That kind of fun needs to happen when your mother isnt around. Mrs. Quintana didnt like Mr. Quintanas advice. What kind of lesson are you teaching him, Sam? Soledad, I think But the whole discussion was killed by Dante, who was looking into his telescope. Wow, Dad! Look at that! Look! For a long time, no one said anything. We all wanted to see what Dante was seeing. We stood silently around Dantes telescope in the middle of the desert as we waited for our turn to see all the contents of the sky. When I looked through the telescope, Dante began explaining what I was looking at. I didnt hear a word. Something happened inside me as I looked out into the vast universe. Through that telescope, the world was closer and larger than Id ever imagined. And it was all so beautiful and overwhelming andI dont knowit made me aware that there was something inside of me that mattered. As Dante was watching me search the sky through the lens of a telescope, he whispered, Someday, Im going to discover all the secrets of the universe. That made me smile. What are you going to do with all those secrets, Dante? lll know what to do with them, he said. Maybe change the world. I believed him. Dante Quintana was the only human being Id ever known that could say a thing like that. I knew that he would never grow up and say stupid things like, a girl is like a tree. That night, we slept out in his backyard. We could hear his parents talking in the kitchen because the window was open. His mother was talking in Spanish and his father was talking in English. They do that, he said. Mine too, I said. We didnt talk much. We just lay there and looked up at the stars. Too much light pollution, he said. Too much light pollution, I answered. Leven ONE IMPORTANT FACT ABOUT DANTE HE DIDN'T LIKE wearing shoes. We'd skateboard to the park, and hed take his tennis shoes off and rub his feet on the grass like he was wiping something off of them. We'd go to the movies and hed take off his tennis shoes. He left them there once, and we had to go back and get them. We missed our bus. Dante took his shoes off on the bus, too. One time, I sat with him at Mass. He untied his shoelaces and took off his shoes right there in the pew. I sort of gave him this look. He rolled his eyes and pointed at the crucifix and whispered, Jesus isnt wearing shoes. We both sat there and laughed. When he came to my house, Dante would place his shoes on the front porch before he came inside. The Japanese do that, he said. They dont bring the dirt of the world into another persons house. Yeah, I said, but were not Japanese. Were Mexican. We're not really Mexicans. Do we live in Mexico? But thats where our grandparents came from. Okay, okay. But do we actually know anything about Mexico? We speak Spanish. Not that good. Speak for yourself, Dante. Youre such a pocho. What's a pocho? A half-assed Mexican. Okay, so maybe Im a pocho. But the point Im making here is that we can adopt other cultures. I dont know why but I just started laughing. The truth is that I got to like the war Dante was having with shoes. One day, I just broke down and asked him. So how come you have this thing with shoes? I dont like them. Thats it. Thats all. Theres no big secret here. I was born not liking them. Theres nothing complicated about the whole thing. Well, except theres this thing called my mom. And she makes me wear them. She says there are laws. And then she talks about the diseases I could get. And then she says that people will think Im just another poor Mexican. She says there are boys in Mexican villages who would die for a pair of shoes. You can afford shoes, Dante. Thats what she says. And you know what I always tell her? No, I cant afford shoes. Do I have a job? No. I cant afford anything. Thats usually the part of the conversation where she pulls her hair back. She hates that people might mistake me for another poor Mexican. And then she says Being Mexican doesnt have to mean you're poor. And I just want to tell her Mom, this isnt about poor. And it isnt about being Mexican. I just dont like shoes. But I know the whole thing about shoes has to do with the way she grew up. So I just wind up nodding when she repeats herself Dante, we can afford shoes. I know the whole thing has nothing to with the word afford. But, you know, she always gives me this look. And then I give her the same look backand thats how it goes. Look, me and my mom and shoes, its not a good discussion. He stared out into the hot afternoon skya habit of his. It meant he was thinking. You know, wearing shoes is an unnatural act. Thats my basic premise. Your basic premise? Sometimes he talked like a scientist or a philosopher. You know, the founding principle. The founding principle? You're looking at me like you think Im nuts. You are nuts, Dante. Im not, he said. And then he repeated it, Im not. He seemed almost upset. Okay, I said, You're not. You're not nuts and you're not Japanese. He reached over and unlaced my tennis shoes as he talked. Take off your shoes, Ari. Live a little. We went out into the street and played a game that Dante made up on the spot. It was a contest to see who could throw their tennis shoes the farthest. Dante was very systematic about the way he made up the game. Three roundswhich meant six throws. We both got a piece of chalk and we marked where the shoe landed. He borrowed his fathers tape measure that could measure up to thirty feet. Not that it was long enough. Why do we have to measure the feet? I asked, Cant we just throw the shoe and mark it with the piece of chalk? The farthest chalk mark is the winner. Simple. We have to know the exact distance, he said. Why? Because when you do something, you have to know exactly what you're doing. No one knows exactly what theyre doing, I said. Thats because people are lazy and undisciplined. Did anybody ever tell you that sometimes you talk like a lunatic who speaks perfect English? Thats my fathers fault, he said. The lunatic part or the perfect English part? I shook my head. Its a game, Dante. So? When you play a game, Ari, you have to know what you're doing. I do know what were doing, Dante. Were making up a game. Were throwing our tennis shoes on the street to see which one of us can throw his shoe the farthest. Thats what were doing. Its a version of throwing the javelin, right? Yeah, I guess so. They measure the distance when they throw the javelin, dont they? Yeah, but thats a real sport, Dante. This isnt. It is too a real sport. Im real. Youre real. The tennis shoes are real. The street is real. And the rules we establishtheyre real too. What more do you want? But you're making this too much work. After every toss, we have to measure. What fun is that? The fun is in the throwing. No, Dante said, the fun is in the game. Its everywhere. I dont understand, I said. Throwing a shoe is fun. I get that. But taking out your fathers tape measure and rolling it out across the street seems like work. Whats so fun about that? And not only that what if a car comes along? We move out of the way. And besides, we could play in the park. The streets more fun, I said. Yeah, the streets more fun. We agreed on something. Dante looked at me. I looked back at him. I knew I didnt have a chance. I knew we were going to play the game according to his rules. But the truth is, it mattered to Dante. And to me, it didnt matter so much. So we played the game with our tools our tennis shoes, two pieces of chalk, and his fathers tape measure. We made up the rules as we went along and they kept changing. In the end, there were three setslike tennis. There were six tosses per set. Eighteen tosses to make a game. Dante won two out of the three sets. But I had the longest toss. Forty-seven feet, three and a quarter inches. Dantes father came out of the house and shook his head. What are you guys doing? We're playing a game. What did I tell you, Dante? About playing in the street? Theres a park right there. He pointed his finger toward the park. And what He stopped and studied the scene. Are you throwing your tennis shoes around? Dante wasnt afraid of his father. Not that his father was scary. But still, his father was a father and he was standing there, challenging us. Dante didnt even flinch, certain that he could defend his position. We're not throwing our tennis shoes around, Dad. Were playing a game. Its the common mans version of throwing the javelin. And we're seeing who can throw his shoe the farthest. His father laughed. I mean he laughed. You're the only kid in the entire universe who could come up with a game as an excuse to beat the holy crap out of his tennis shoes. He laughed again. Your mothers going to love this. We dont have to tell her. Yes, we do. Why?  The no-secrets rule. We're playing in the middle of the street. How can that be a secret? Its a secret if we dont tell her. He grinned at Dante, not mad but like a father who was being a father. Take it to the park, Dante. We found a good spot to set up the game at the park. I studied Dantes face as he threw his tennis shoes with all his strength. His father was right. Dante had found a game as an excuse to beat the crap out of his tennis shoes. Yuelve ONE AFTERNOON, AFTER WED FINISHED SWIMMING, we were hanging out on his front porch. Dante was staring at his feet. That made me smile. He wanted to know what I was smiling at. I was just smiling, I said. Cant a guy smile? You're not telling me the truth, he said. He had this thing about telling the truth. He was as bad as my dad. Except my dad kept the truth to himself. And Dante believed you had to tell the truth in words. Out loud. Tell someone. I wasnt like Dante. I was more like my dad. Okay, I said. I was smiling because you were looking at your feet. Thats a funny thing to smile about, he said. Its weird, I said. Who does thatlook at their feet? Except you? Its not a bad thing to study your own body, he said. That's a really weird thing to say, too, I said. In our house, we just didnt talk about our own bodies. Thats just not what we did in our house. Whatever, he said. Whatever, I said. Do you like dogs, Ari? I love dogs. Me too. They dont have to wear shoes. I laughed. I got to thinking that one of my jobs in the world was to laugh at Dantes jokes. Only Dante didnt really say things to be funny. He was just being himself. Im going to ask my dad if hell get me a dog. He had this look on his facea kind of fire. And I wondered about that fire. What kind of dog do you want? I dont know, Ari. One that comes from the shelter. You know, one of those dogs that someones thrown away. Yeah, I said. But how will you know which one to pick? Theres a lot of dogs at the shelter. And they all want to be saved. Its because people are so mean. They throw dogs away like theyre trash. I hate that. As we sat there talking, we heard a noise, boys yelling across the street. Three of them, maybe a little younger than us. Two of them had BB guns and they were pointing at a bird theyd just shot. We got one! We got one! One of them was pointing his gun at a tree. Hey! Dante yelled, Stop that! He was halfway across the street before I realized what was happening. I ran after him. Stop that! What the hells wrong with you! Dantes hand was out, signaling for them to stop. Give me that gun. My ass if Im gonna give you my BB gun. Its against the law, Dante said. He looked crazed. Really crazed. Second amendment, the guy said. Yeah, second amendment, the other guy said. He held on tight to his little rifle. The second amendment doesnt apply to BB guns, you jerk. And anyway, guns arent allowed on city property. What are you planning on doing about it, you piece of shit? Im going to make you stop, he said. How? By kicking your skinny little asses all the way to the Mexican border, I said. I guess I was just afraid these guys were going to hurt Dante. I just said what I felt I had to say. They werent big guys and they werent smart either. They were mean and stupid boys and I'd seen what mean and stupid boys could do. Maybe Dante wasnt mean enough for a fight. But I was. And Id never felt bad for punching out a guy who needed punching out. We stood there for a while, sizing each other up. I could tell Dante didnt know what he was going to do next. One of the guys looked like he was about to point his BB gun at me. I wouldnt do that if I were you, you little piece of dog shit. And just like that, I reached over and took his gun away. It happened fast and he hadnt expected it. One thing Id learned about getting into fights. Move fast, take the guy by surprise. It always worked. It was the first rule of fighting. And there I was with his BB gun in my hands. Youre lucky I dont shove this up your ass. I threw the gun on the ground. I didnt even have to tell them to get the hell out of there. They just left, mumbling obscenities under their breaths. Dante and I looked at each other. I didnt know you liked to fight, Dante said. I dont really. Not really, I said. Yeah, Dante said. You like to fight. Maybe I do. I said. And I didnt know you were a pacifist. Maybe Im not a pacifist. Maybe I just think you need a good reason to go around killing birds. He searched my face. I wasnt sure what he was trying to find there. Youre good at tossing around bad words too. Yeah, well, Dante, lets not tell your mom. We won't tell yours either. I looked at him. I have a theory about why moms are so strict. Dante almost smiled. Its because they love us, Ari. Thats part of it. The other part of it is that they want us to stay boys forever. Yeah, I think that would make my mom happyif I was a boy forever. Dante looked down at the dead bird. A few minutes ago, hed been mad as hell. Now, he looked like he was going to cry. Ive never seen you that mad, I said. Ive never seen you that mad, either. We both knew that we were mad for different reasons. For a moment, we just stood there looking down at the dead bird. Its just a little sparrow, he said. And then he started to cry. I didnt know what to do. I just stood there and watched him. We walked back across the street and sat on his front porch. He tossed his tennis shoes across the street with all his might and anger. He wiped the tears from his face. Were you scared? he asked. No. T was. So? And then we were quiet again. I hated the quiet. Finally I just asked a stupid question, Why do birds exist, anyway? He looked at me. You dont know? I guess I dont. Birds exist to teach us things about the sky. You believe that? Yes. I wanted to tell him not to cry anymore, tell him that what those boys did to that bird didnt matter. But I knew it did matter. It mattered to Dante. And, anyway, it didnt do any good to tell him not to cry because he needed to cry. Thats the way he was. And then he finally stopped. He took a deep breath and looked at me. Will you help me bury the bird? Sure. We got a shovel from his fathers garage and walked to the park where the dead bird was lying on the grass. I picked up the bird with the shovel and carried it across the street, into Dantes backyard. I dug a hole underneath a big oleander. We put the bird in the hole and buried it. Neither of us said a word. Dante was crying again. And I felt mean because I didnt feel like crying. I didnt really feel anything for the bird. It was a bird. Maybe the bird didnt deserve to get shot by some stupid kid whose idea of fun was shooting at things. But it was still just a bird. I was harder than Dante. I think Id tried to hide that hardness from him because Id wanted him to like me. But now he knew. That I was hard. And maybe that was okay. Maybe he could like the fact that I was hard just as I liked the fact that he wasnt hard. We both stared at the birds grave. Thanks, he said. Sure, I said. I knew he wanted to be alone. Hey, I whispered, Ill see you tomorrow. We'll go swimming, he said. Yeah, we'll go swimming. There was a tear running down his cheek. It seemed like a river in the light of the setting sun. I wondered what it was like, to be the kind of guy that cried over the death of a bird. I waved bye. He waved bye back. As I walked home, I thought about birds and the meaning of their existence. Dante had an answer. I didnt. I didnt have any idea as to why birds existed. Id never even asked myself the question. Dantes answer made sense to me. If we studied birds, maybe we could learn to be free. I think thats what he was saying. I had a philosophers name. What was my answer? Why didnt I have an answer? And why was it that some guys had tears in them and some had no tears at all? Different boys lived by different rules. When I got home, I sat on my front porch. I watched the sun set. I felt alone, but not in a bad way. I really liked being alone. Maybe I liked it too much. Maybe my father was like that too. I thought of Dante and wondered about him. And it seemed to me that Dantes face was a map of the world. A world without any darkness. Wow, a world without darkness. How beautiful was that? Ssarvils Palle Joom the Sy. When I was a boy, I used to wake up thinking that the world was ending. Cee THE MORNING AFTER WE BURIED THE SPARROW,  woke up on fire with a fever. My muscles ached, my throat hurt, my head throbbed almost like a heart. I kept staring at my hands, almost believing they belonged to someone else. When I tried to get up, I had no balance, no equilibrium, and the room spun around and around. I tried to take a step, but my legs werent strong enough to carry my weight. I fell back on the bed, my clock radio crashing to the floor. My mother appeared in my room and for some reason she didnt seem real. Mom? Mom? Is that you? I think I was yelling. She was holding a question in her eyes. Yes, she said. She seemed SO serious. I fell, I said. She said somethingbut I couldnt translate what she was saying. Everything was so strange and I thought maybe I was dreaming, but her hand on my arm felt like a real touch. Youre burning up, she said. I felt her hands on my face. I kept wondering where I was, so I asked her. Where are we? She held me for a moment. Shhh. The world was so silent. There was a barrier between me and the world, and I thought for a moment that the world had never wanted me and now it was taking the opportunity to get rid of me. I looked up and saw my mom standing in front of me, holding out two aspirin, a glass of water. I sat up and reached for the pills and put them in my mouth. When I held the glass, I could see my hands trembling. She put a thermometer under my tongue. She studied the time on her watch, then pulled the thermometer out of my mouth. A hundred and four, she said. Weve got to break that fever. She shook her head. Its all those germs at the pool. The world seemed closer for an instant. Its just a cold, I whispered. But it seemed like someone else was talking. I think you have the flu. But its summer. The words were on my tongue but I couldnt say them. I couldnt stop shivering. She placed another blanket over me. Everything was spinning but when I closed my eyes, the room was motionless and dark. And then the dreams came. Birds were falling from the sky. Sparrows. Millions and millions of sparrows. They were falling like rain and they were hitting me as they fell and I had their blood all over me and I couldnt find a place to protect myself. Their beaks were breaking my skin like arrows. And Buddy Hollys plane was falling from the sky and I could hear Waylon Jennings singing La Bamba. I could hear Dante cryingand when I turned around to see where he was, I saw that he was holding Richie Valenss limp body in his arms. And then the plane came falling down on us. All I saw was the shadow and the earth on frre. And then the sky disappeared. I must have been screaming, because my mom and dad were in the room. I was trembling and everything was soaked in my sweat. And then I realized that I was crying and I couldnt make myself stop. My dad picked me up and rocked me in the chair. I felt small and weak and I wanted to hold him back but I couldnt because there wasnt any strength in my arms, and I wanted to ask him if he had held me like this when I was a boy because I didnt remember and why didnt I remember. I started to think that maybe I was still dreaming, but my mother was changing the sheets on my bed so I knew that everything was real. Except me. I think I was mumbling. My father held me tighter and whispered something, but not even his arms or his whispers could keep me from trembling. My mom dried my sweaty body with a towel and she and my dad changed me into a clean T-shirt and clean underwear. And then I said the strangest thing, Dont throw my T-shirt away. Dad gave it to me. I knew I was crying, but I didnt know why because I wasnt the kind of guy who cried, and I thought that maybe it was someone else who was crying. I could hear my father whisper, Shhhh. Its okay. He laid me back down on the bed and my mother sat next to me and made me drink some water and take more aspirin. I saw the look on my dads face and I knew he was worried. And I was sad that I had made him worry. I wondered if he had really held me and I wanted to tell him that I didnt hate him, it was just that I didnt understand him, didnt understand who he was and I wanted to, I wanted so much to understand. My mother said something to my father in Spanish and he nodded. I was too tired to care about words in any language. The world was so quiet. I fell asleepand the dreams came again. It was raining outside and there was thunder and lightning all around me. And I could see myself as I ran in the rain. I was looking for Dante and I was yelling because he was lost, Dante! Come back! Come back! And then I wasnt looking for Dante anymore, I was looking for my dad and I was yelling for him, Dad! Dad! Where did you go? Where did you go? When I woke again, I was soaked in my own sweat again. My dad was sitting on my rocking chair, studying me. My mom walked into the room. She looked at my fatherthen at me. I didnt mean to scare you. I couldnt make myself talk above a whisper. My mother smiled and I thought she must have been really pretty when she was a girl. She helped me sit up. Amor you're soaked. Why dont you take a nice shower? I had nightmares. I leaned my head on her shoulder. I wanted the three of us to stay that way forever. My dad helped me to the shower. I felt weak and washed out and when the warm water hit my body, I thought of my dreams. . . Dante, my dad. And I wondered what my dad looked like when he was my age. My mother had told me he was beautiful. I wonder if hed been as beautiful as Dante. And I wondered why I thought that. When I went back to bed, my mom had changed the sheets again. Your fevers gone, she said. She gave me another glass of water. I didnt want it but I drank all of it. I didnt know how thirsty Id been, and I asked her for more water. My father was still there, sitting on my rocking chair. We studied each other for a moment as I lay in bed. You were looking for me, he said. I looked at him. In your dream. You were looking for me. Im always looking for you, I whispered. ao THE NEXT MORNING, WHEN  WOKE,  THOUGHT  HAD died. I knew it wasnt truebut the thought was there. Maybe a part of you died when you were sick. I dont know. My moms solution to my predicament was to make me drink gallons of waterone painful glass at a time. I finally went on strike and refused to drink anymore. My bladders turned into a water balloon thats about to explode. Thats good, she said, You're flushing your system out. Im done flushing, I said. The water wasnt the only thing I had to deal with. I had to deal with her chicken soup. Her chicken soup became my enemy. The first bowl was incredible. I had never been that hungry. Not ever. She mostly gave me broth. The soup returned the next day for lunch. That was okay too, because now I got all the chicken and the vegetables in the soup with warm corn tortillas and my mothers sopa de arroz. But the soup came back in the form of an afternoon snack. And for dinner. I was sick of water and chicken soup. I was sick of being sick. After four days in bed, I finally decided that it was time to move on. I made an announcement to my mother. Im well. You're not, my mother said. Im being held hostage. Thats the first thing I said to my father when he came home from work. He grinned at me. Im fine now, Dad. I am. You still look a little pale. I need some sun. Give it one more day, he said. Then you can go out into the world and cause all the trouble you want. Okay, I said. But no more chicken soup. Thats between you and your mother. He started to leave my room. He hesitated for a moment. He had his back to me. Have you had any more bad dreams? I always have bad dreams, I said. Even when you're not sick? Yeah. He stood at my doorway. He turned around and faced me. Are you always lost? In most of them, yeah. And are you always trying to find me? Mostly I think Im trying to find me, Dad. It was strange to talk to him about something real. But it scared me too. I wanted to keep talking, but I didnt know exactly how to say what I was holding inside me. I looked down at the floor. Then I looked up at him and shrugged like no big deal. Im sorry, he said. Im sorry Im so far away. Its okay, I said. No, he said. No, its not. I think he was going to say something else, but he changed his mind. He turned and walked out of the room. I kept staring down at the floor. And then I heard my fathers voice in the room again. I have bad dreams too, Ari. I wanted to ask him if his dreams were about the war or about my brother. I wanted to ask him if he woke up as scared as me. All I did was smile at him. Hed told me something about himself. I was happy. Yavee  WAS ALLOWED TO WATCH TELEVISION. BUT  DISCOVERED something about myself. I didnt really like television. I didnt like it at all. I switched the TV off and found myself watching my mother as she sat at the kitchen table, looking over some of her old lesson plans. Mom? She looked up at me. I tried to imagine my mother standing in front of her class. I wondered what the guys thought of her. I wondered how they saw her. I wondered if they liked her. Hated her? Respected her? I wondered if they knew she was a mother.  wondered if that mattered to them. What are you thinking? You like teaching? Yes, she said. Even when your students dont care? Tll tell you a secret. Im not responsible for whether my students care or dont care. That care has to come from themnot me. Where does that leave you? No matter what, Ari, my job is to care. Even when they dont? Even when they dont. No matter what? No matter what. Even if you teach kids like me, who think life is boring? That's the way it is when you're fifteen. Just a phase, I said. Just a phase. She laughed. You like fifteen-year-olds? Are you asking me if I like you, or are you asking me if I like my students? Both, I guess. I adore you, Ari, you know I do. Yeah, but you adore your students, too. Are you jealous? Can I go outside? I could avoid questions as skillfully as she could. You can go out tomorrow. I think youre being a fascist. Thats a big word, Ari. Thanks to you, I know all about the different forms of government. Mussolini was a fascist. Franco was a fascist. And Dad says Reagan is a fascist. Dont take your fathers jokes too literally, Ari. All hes saying is that he thinks President Reagan is too heavy-handed. I know what hes saying, Mom. Just like you know what Im saying. Well, its good to know that you think your mother is more than a form of government. You kind of are, I said. I get your point, Ari. You're still not going outside. There were days when I wished I had it in me to rebel against my mothers rules. I just want to get out of here. Im bored out of my skull. She got up from where she was sitting. She placed her hands on my face. Hijo de mi vida, she said, Im sorry that you think Im too strict on you. But I have my reasons. When you're older You always say that. Im fifteen. How old do I have to be? How old, Mom, before you think Im smart enough to get it? Im not a little boy. She took my hand and kissed it. You are to me, she whispered. There were tears running down her cheeks. There was something  wasnt getting. First Dante. Then me. And now my mom. Tears all over the damned place. Maybe tears were something you caught. Like the flu. Its okay, Mom, I whispered. I smiled at her. I think I was hoping for a full explanation for her tears, but I was going to have to work to get it. Are you okay? I said. Yes, she said, Im okay. I dont think you are. Im trying hard not to worry about you. Why do you worry? I just had the flu. Thats not what I mean. What? What do you do when you leave the house? Stuff. You dont have any friends. She started to place her hand over her mouth, then stopped herself. I wanted to hate her for that accusation. I dont want any. She looked at me, almost as if I were a stranger. And how can I have friends if you dont let me go outside? I got one of her looks. I do have friends, Mom. I have school friends. And Dante. Hes my friend. Yes, she said. Dante. Yes, I said. Dante. Im glad for Dante, she said. I nodded. Im okay, Mom. Im just not the kind of guy I didnt know what I was trying to say. Im just different. I didnt even know what I meant. You know what I think? I didnt want to know what she thought. I didnt. But I was going to hear it anyway. Sure, I said. She ignored the attitude. I dont think you know how loved you are. I do know. She started to say something, but she changed her mind. Ari, I just want you to be happy. I wanted to tell her that happy was hard for me. But I think she already knew that. Well, I said, Im at that phase where Im supposed to be miserable. That made her laugh. We were okay. You think it would be all right if Dante came over? ee DANTE ANSWERED THE PHONE ON THE SECOND RING. You havent been going to the pool. He sounded mad. I've been in bed. I caught the flu. Mostly Ive been sleeping, having really bad dreams, and eating chicken soup. Fever? Yeah. Achy bones? Yeah. Night sweats? Yeah. Bad stuff, he said. What were your dreams about? I cant talk about them. That seemed okay with him. Fifteen minutes later, he showed up at my front door. I heard the doorbell. I could hear him talking to my mother. Dante never had any trouble starting up conversations. He was probably telling my mom his life story. I heard him walking down the hall in his bare feet. And then there he was, standing at the doorway to my room, wearing a T-shirt that was so worn you could almost see through it, and a ratty pair of jeans with holes in them. Hi, he said. He was carrying a book of poems, a sketch pad, and some charcoal pencils. You forgot your shoes, I said. I donated them to the poor. Guess the jeans are next. Yeah. We both laughed. He studied me. You look a little pale. I still look more Mexican than you do. Everybody looks more Mexican than I do. Pick it up with the people who handed me their genes. There was something in his voice. The whole Mexican thing bothered him. Okay, okay. I said. Okay, okay always meant it was time to change the subject. So you brought your sketch pad. Yeah. Are you going to show me your drawings? Nope. Im going to sketch you. What if I dont want to be sketched? How am I going to be an artist if I cant practice? Dont artists models get paid? Only the ones that are good-looking. So Im not good-looking? Dante smiled. Dont be an asshole. He seemed embarrassed. But not as embarrassed as I was. I could feel myself turning red. Even guys with dark skin like me could blush. So youre really going to be an artist? Absolutely. He looked right at me. You dont believe me? I need evidence. He sat in my rocking chair. He studied me. You still look sick. Thanks. Maybe its your dreams. Maybe. I didnt want to talk about my dreams. When I was a boy, I used to wake up thinking that the world was ending. Id get up and look in the mirror and my eyes were sad. You mean like mine. Yeah. My eyes are always sad. The world isnt ending, Ari. Dont be an asshole. Of course its not ending. Then dont be sad. Sad, sad, sad, I said. Sad, sad, sad, he said. We were both smiling, trying to hold in our laughterbut we just couldnt do it. I was happy that hed come over. Being sick made me feel fragile, like I might break. I didnt like feeling like that. Laughing made me feel better. I want to draw you. Can I stop you? You're the one who said you needed evidence. He tossed me the book of poems hed brought along. Read it. You read. I'll draw. Then he got real quiet. His eyes started searching everything in the room me, the bed, the blankets, the pillows, the light. I felt nervous and awkward and_ self-conscious and uncomfortable. And Dantes eyes on me, well, I didnt know if I liked that or didnt like that. I just knew I felt naked. But there was something happening between Dante and his drawing pad that made me feel invisible. And that made me relax. Make me look good, I said. Read, he said. Just read. It didnt take long for me to forget Dante was drawing me. And  just read. I read and I read and I read. Sometimes I would glance over at him, but he was lost in his work. I returned to the book of poems. I read a line and tried to understand it from what we cannot hold the stars are made. It was a beautiful thing to say, but I didnt know what it meant. I fell asleep thinking what the line might mean. When I woke, Dante was gone. He hadn't left any of the sketches that hed done of me. But he did leave a sketch of my rocking chair. It was perfect. A rocking chair against the bare walls of my room. Hed captured the afternoon light streaming into the room, the way the shadows fell on the chair and gave it depth and made it appear as if it was something more than an inanimate object. There was something sad and solitary about the sketch and I wondered if thats the way he saw the world or if thats the way he saw my world. I stared at the sketch for a long time. It scared me. Because there was something true about it. I wondered where hed learned to draw. I was suddenly jealous of him. He could swim, he could draw, he could talk to people. He read poetry and he liked himself. I wondered how that felt, to really like yourself. And I wondered why some people didnt like themselves and others did. Maybe thats just the way it was. I looked at his drawing, then looked at my chair. Thats when I saw the note hed left. , I hope you like the sketch of your chair. I miss you at the pool. The lifeguards are jerks. Dante After dinner, I picked up the phone and called him. Why did you leave? You needed to rest. Im sorry I fell asleep. Then neither one of us said anything. T liked the sketch, I said. Why? Because it looks just like my chair. Is that the only reason? It holds something, I said What? Emotion. Tell me, Dante said. Its sad. Its sad and its lonely. Like you, he said. I hated that he saw who I was. Im not sad all the time, I said. I know, he said. Will you show me the others? No. Why? "Lean t. Why not? For the same reason you cant tell me about your dreams. Seve THE FLU DIDN'T SEEM TO WANT TO LET ME GO. That night, the dreams came again. My brother. He was on the other side of the river. He was in Juarez and I was in El Paso and we could see each other. And I yelled, Bernardo, come over! and he shook his head. And then I thought he didnt understand, so I yelled at him in Spanish. Vente paaca, Bernardo!  thought that if I only knew the right words or spoke them in the right language, then he would cross the river. And come home. If only I knew the right words. If only I spoke the right language. And then my dad was there. He and my brother stared at each other and I couldnt stand the look on their faces, because it seemed like there was the hurt of all the sons and all the fathers of the world. And the hurt was so deep that it was way beyond tears and so their faces were dry. And then the dream changed and my brother and father were gone. I was standing in the same place where my father had been standing, on the Juarez side, and Dante was standing across from me. And he was shirtless and shoeless and I wanted to swim toward him but I couldnt move. And then he said something to me in English and I couldnt understand him. And I said something to him in Spanish, and he couldnt understand me. And I was so alone. And then all the light was gone and Dante disappeared into the darkness. I woke up and I felt lost. I didnt know where I was. The fever was back. I thought that maybe nothing would ever be the same. But I knew it was just the fever. I fell asleep again. The sparrows were falling from the sky. And it was me who was killing them. Se DANTE CAME OVER TO VISIT.  KNEW  WASN'T A LOT of fun. He knew it too. It didnt seem to matter. Do you want to talk? No, I said. Do you want me to go? No, I said. He read poems to me. I thought about the sparrows falling from the sky. As I listened to Dantes voice, I wondered what my brother would sound like. I wondered if hed ever read a poem. My mind was full and crowdedfalling sparrows, my brothers ghost, Dantes voice. Dante finished reading a poem, then went looking for another. Arent you afraid of catching what I have? I said. No. You're not afraid? No. You're not afraid of anything. Im afraid of lots of things, Ari. I could have asked What? What are you afraid of?  dont think he would have told me. Clever THE FEVER WAS GONE. But the dreams stayed. My father was in them. And my brother. And Dante. In my dreams. And sometimes my mother, too. I had this image stuck in my mind. I was four and I was walking down the street, holding my brothers hand. I wondered if it was a memory or a dream. Or a hope. I lay around and thought about things. All the ordinary problems and mysteries of my life that mattered only to me. Not that thinking about things made me feel better. I decided that my junior year at Austin High School was going to suck. Dante went to Cathedral because they had a swim team. My mom and dad had wanted to send me to school there, but Id refused. I didnt want to go to an all-boy Catholic school. Id insisted to myself and to my parents that all the boys there were rich. My mom argued that they gave scholarships to smart boys. I argued back that I wasnt smart enough to get a scholarship. My mom argued back that they could afford to send me there. I hate those boys! Id begged my father not to send me there. I never said anything to Dante about hating Cathedral boys. He didnt have to know. I thought about my moms accusation. You dont have any friends. I thought of my chair and how really it was a portrait of me. I was a chair. I felt sadder than Id ever felt. I knew I wasnt a boy anymore. But I still felt like a boy. Sort of. But there were other things I was starting to feel. Man things, I guess. Man loneliness was much bigger than boy loneliness. And I didnt want to be treated like a boy anymore. I didnt want to live in my parents world and  didnt have a world of my own. In a strange way, my friendship with Dante had made me feel even more alone. Maybe it was because Dante seemed to make himself fit everywhere he went. And me, I always felt that I didnt belong anywhere. I didnt even belong in my own bodyespecially in my own body. I was changing into someone I didnt know. The change hurt but I didnt know why it hurt. And nothing about my own emotions made any sense. When I was younger, Id had this idea that I wanted to keep a journal. I sort of wrote things down in this little leather book I bought, filled with blank pages. But I was never disciplined about the whole thing. The journal turned into a random thing with random thoughts and nothing more. When I was in the sixth grade, my parents gave me a baseball glove and a typewriter for my birthday. I was on a team so the glove made sense. But a typewriter? What was it about me that made them think of getting me a typewriter? I pretended to like it. But I wasnt a good pretender. Just because I didnt talk about things didnt make me a good actor. The funny thing was, I learned how to type. At last, a skill. The baseball thing didnt work out. I was good enough to make the team. But I hated it. I did it for my father. I didnt know why I was thinking about all these thingsexcept thats what I always did. I guess I had my own personal television in my brain. I could control whatever I wanted to watch. I could switch the channels anytime I wanted. I thought about calling Dante. And then I thought that maybe I wouldn't call him. I didnt really feel like talking to anyone. I just felt like talking to myself. I got to thinking about my older sisters and how they were so close to each other but so far away from me. I knew it was the age thing. That seemed to matter. To them. And to me. I was born a little late. Thats the expression my sisters used. One day, they were talking to each other at the kitchen table and they were talking about me and thats the expression they used. It wasnt the first time Id heard someone say that about me. So I decided to confront my sisters because I just didnt like being thought of that way. I dont know, I just sort of lost it. I looked at my sister, Cecilia, and said You were born a little too early. I smiled at her and shook my head. Isnt that sad? Isnt that just too fucking sad? My other sister, Sylvia, lectured me. I hate that word. Dont talk that way. Thats so disrespectful. Like they respected me. Yeah, sure they did. They told my mom I was using language. My mother hated language. She looked at me with the look. The f word shows an extreme lack of respect and an extreme lack of imagination. And dont roll your eyes. But I got in worse trouble for refusing to apologize. The good thing was that my sisters never used the expression born too late ever again. Not in front of me, anyway. I think I was mad because I couldnt talk to my brother. And I was mad because I couldnt really talk to my sisters either. Its not that my sisters didnt care about me. Its just that they mostly treated me more like a son than a brother. I didnt need three mothers. So really, I was alone. And being alone made me want to talk to someone my own age. Someone who understood that using the f word wasnt a measure of my lack of imagination. Sometimes using that word just made me feel free. Talking to myself in my journal qualified as talking to someone my Own age. Sometimes I would write down all the bad words I could think of. It made me feel better. My mother had her rules. For my father no smoking in the house. And for everyone no cussing. She didnt go for that. Even when my father let out a string of interesting words, she looked at him and said, Take it outside, Jaime. Maybe you can find a dog who'll appreciate that kind of language. My mom was soft. But she also very strict. I think thats how she survived. I wasnt going to get into the whole cussing thing with my mom. So  did most of my cussing in my head. And then there was this whole thing with my name. Angel Aristotle Mendoza. I hated the name Angel and Id never let anybody call me that. Every guy I knew who was named Angel was a real asshole. I didnt care for Aristotle either. And even though I knew I was named after my grandfather, I also knew I had inherited the name of the worlds most famous philosopher. I hated that. Everyone expected something from me. Something I just couldnt give. So I renamed myself Ari. If I switched the letter, my name was Air. I thought it might be a great thing to be the air. I could be something and nothing at the same time. I could be necessary and also invisible. Everyone would need me and no one would be able to see me. MY MOM INTERRUPTED MY THOUGHTSIF THATS what they were. Dantes on the phone. I walked past the kitchen and noticed my mom was cleaning out all her cabinets. Whatever summer meant, for Mom it meant work. I threw myself on the couch in the living room and grabbed the phone. Hi, I said. Hi, he said. What are you doing? Nothing. Im still not feeling great. My moms taking me to the doctor this afternoon. I was hoping we could go swimming. Shit, I said, I cant. I just, you know Yeah, I know. So you're just hanging out? Yeah. Are you reading something, Ari? No. Im thinking. About what? Stuff. Stuff? You know, Dante, things. Like what, Ari? You know, like how my two sisters and my brother are so much older than me and how that makes me feel. How old are they, your sisters and brother? My sisters are twins. Theyre not identical, but they look alike. Theyre twenty-seven. My mom had them when she was eighteen. Wow, he said. Twenty-seven. Yeah, wow. Im fifteen and I have three nieces and four nephews. I think thats really cool, Ari. Trust me, Dante, its not that cool. They dont even call me Uncle Ari. So how old is your brother? Hes twenty-five. I always wanted a brother. Yeah, well, I might as well not have one. Why? We dont talk about him. Its like hes dead. Why? Hes in prison, Dante. Id never told anyone about my brother. Id never said a word about him to another human being. I felt bad for talking about him. Dante didnt say anything. Can we not talk about him? I said. Why? It makes me feel bad. Ari, you didnt do anything. I dont want to talk about him, okay, Dante? Okay. But you know, Ari, you have this really interesting life. Not really, I said. Yes, really, he said. At least you have siblings. Me, I only have a mother and a father. What about cousins? They dont like me. They think Imwell, they think Im a little different. Theyre really Mexican, you know. And Im sort of, well, what did you call me? A pocho. Thats exactly what I am. My Spanish isnt great. You can learn it, I said. Learning it at school is different than learning it at home or on the street. And its really hard because most of my cousins are on my moms sideand theyre really poor. My moms the youngest and she really fought her family so she could go to school. Her father didnt think a girl should go to college. So my mom said, Screw it, Im going anyway. T cant picture your mom saying, screw it.  Well, she probably didnt say thatbut she found a way. She was really smart and she worked her way through college and then she got some kind of fellowship to go to graduate school at Berkeley. And thats where she met my dad. I was born somewhere in there. They had their studies. My mom was turning herself into a psychologist. My dad was turning himself into an English professor. I mean, my dads parents were born in Mexico. They live in a small little house in East LA and they speak no English and own a little restaurant. Its like my mom and dad created a whole new world for themselves. I live in their new world. But they understand the old world, the world they came fromand I dont. I dont belong anywhere. Thats the problem. You do, I said. You belong everywhere you go. Thats just how you are. You've never seen me around my cousins. I feel like a freak. I knew what it was like to feel like that. I know, I said. I feel like a freak too. Well, at least youre a real Mexican. What do I know about Mexico, Dante? The quiet over the phone was strange. Do you think it will always be this way? What? I mean, when do we start feeling like the world belongs to us? I wanted to tell him that the world would never belong to us. I dont know, I said. Tomorrow. Miwe  WENT INTO THE KITCHEN AND WATCHED MY MOM AS she cleaned out her cabinets. What were you and Dante talking about? Stuff. I wanted to ask her about my brother. But I knew I wasnt going to ask. He was telling me about his mom and dad, about how they met at graduate school at Berkeley. How he was born there. He said he remembered his parents reading books and studying all the time. My mom smiled. Just like me and you, she said. I dont remember. I was finishing my bachelors degree when your father was at war. It helped me take my mind off things. I worried all the time. My mom and my aunts helped me take care of your sisters and your brother while I went to school and studied. And when your father came back, we had you. She smiled at me and did that combing-my- hair-with-her-fingers thing. Your father got on with the post office and I kept going to school. I had you and I had school. And your father was safe. Was it hard? I was happy. And you were such a good baby. I thought Id died and gone to heaven. We bought this house. It needed work, but it was ours. And I was doing what I had always wanted to do. You always wanted to be a teacher? Always. When I was growing up, we didnt have anything, but my mom understood how much school meant to me. She cried when I told her I was going to marry your father. She didnt like him? No, it wasnt that. She just wanted me to keep going to school. I promised her that I would. It took me a while but I kept my promise. That was the first time that I really saw my mother as a person. A person who was so much more than just my mother. It was strange to think of her that way. I wanted to ask her about my father, but I didnt know how. Was he different? When he came back from the war? Yes. How was he different? Theres a wound somewhere inside of him, Ari. But what is it? The hurt? What is it? I dont know. How can you not know, Mom? Because its his. Its just his, Ari. I understood that she had just accepted my fathers private wound. Will it ever heal? I dont think so. Mom? Can I ask you something? You can ask me anything. Is it hard to love him? No. She didnt even hesitate. Do you understand him? Not always. But Ari, I dont always have to understand the people I love. Well, maybe I do. Its hard for you, isnt it? I dont know him, Mom. I know you're going to get mad at me when I say this, Ari, but Im going to say it anyway. I think someday you will understand. Yeah, I said. Someday. Someday, I would understand my father. Someday he would tell me who he was. Someday.  hated that word. vee  LIKED WHEN MY MOM TOLD ME ABOUT HOW SHE FELT about things. She seemed to be able to do that. Not that we talked that much, but sometimes we did and it was good and I felt like I knew her. And I didnt feel like I knew a lot of people. When she talked to me, she was different than when she was being my mother. When she was being my mother, she had a lot of ideas about who I should be. And I hated that, fought her on that, didnt want her input. I didnt think it was my job to accept what everyone said I was and who I should be. Maybe if you weren't so quiet, Ari. . . Maybe if you could just be more disciplined . . . Yeah, everyone had suggestions as to what was wrong with me and what I should become. Especially my older sisters. Because I was the youngest. Because I was the surprise. Because I was born too late. Because my older brother was in prison and maybe my mother and father blamed themselves. If only theyd said something, done something. They werent going to make that mistake again. So I was stuck with my familys guilta guilt that not even my mother would talk about. She sometimes mentioned my brother in passing. But she never said his name. So now I was the only son. And I felt the weight of a son in a Mexican family. Even though I didnt want it. But that was the way it was. It made me mad that Id felt like Id betrayed my family by mentioning my brother to Dante. It didnt feel good. There were so many ghosts in our housethe ghost of my brother, the ghosts of my fathers war, the ghosts of my sister's voices. And I thought that maybe there were ghosts inside of me that I hadnt even met yet. They were there. Lying in wait. I picked up my old journal and thumbed through the pages. I found an entry that Id written a week after I turned fifteen I dont like being fifteen. I didnt like being fourteen. I didnt like being thirteen. I didnt like being twelve. I didnt like being eleven. Ten was good. I liked being ten. I dont know why but I had a very good year when I was in the fifth grade. The fifth grade was very good. Mrs. Pedregon was a great teacher and for some reason, everyone seemed to like me. A good year. An excellent year. Fifth grade. But now, at fifteen, well, things are a little awkward. My voice is doing funny things and I keep running into things. My mom says my reflexes are trying to keep up with the fact that Im growing so much. I dont much care for this growing thing. My bodys doing things I cant control and I just dont like it. All of a sudden, I have hair all over the place. Hair under my arms and hair on my legs and hair around mywellhair between my legs. Okay, Im not liking it. I even got hair growing on my toes. What's that about? And my feet keep getting bigger and bigger. Whats with the big feet? When I was ten, I was kinda small and I wasnt worried about hair. The only thing I was worried about was trying to speak perfect English. I made up my mind that yearwhen I was tenthat I wasnt going to sound like another Mexican. I was going to be an American. And when I talked I was going to sound like one. So what if I dont look exactly like an American. What does an American look like, anyway? Does an American have big hands and big feet and hair around hiswell, hair between his legs? Reading my own words embarrassed the hell out me. I mean, what a pendejo. I had to be the worlds biggest loser, writing about hair, and stuff about my body. No wonder I stopped keeping a journal. It was like keeping a record of my own stupidity. Why would I want to do that? Why would I want to remind myself what an asshole I was? I dont know why I didnt throw the journal across the room. I kept thumbing through it randomly. And then I found a section about my brother. There are no pictures of my brother in our house. There are pictures of my two older sisters on their wedding days. There are pictures of my mother in her first communion dress. There are pictures of my father when he was in Vietnam. There are pictures of me as a baby, me on the first day of school, me holding a first place trophy with my little league teammates. There are pictures of my three nieces and four nephews. There are pictures of my grandparents, who are all dead. All over the house, there are pictures. But there are no pictures of my brother. Because hes in prison. No one in my house talks about him. Its like being dead. Its worse than being dead. At least the dead get talked about and you get to hear stories about them. People smile when they tell those stories. And they even laugh. Even the dog we used to have gets talked about. Even Charlie, the dead dog, gets a story. My brother doesnt get any stories. He has been erased from our family history. It doesnt seem right. My brother is more than a word written on a chalkboard. I mean I have to write an essay on Alexander Hamilton and I even know what he looks like. I'd rather write an essay on my brother. I dont think anyone at school would be interested in reading that essay. I wondered if I would ever have the courage to ask my parents to tell about my brother. I asked my older sisters once. Cecilia and Sylvia both shot me a look. Dont ever bring him up. I remember thinking that if theyd had a gun, shed have shot me. I caught myself whispering over and over again, my brother is in prison, my brother is in prison, my brother is in prison. I wanted to feel those words in my mouth as I spoke them aloud. Words could be like foodthey felt like something in your mouth. They tasted like something. My brother is in prison. Those words tasted bitter. But the worst part was that those words were living inside me. And they were leaking out of me. Words were not things you could control. Not always. I didnt know what was happening to me. Everything was chaos and I was scared. I felt like Dantes room before hed put everything in order. Order. That was what I needed. So I took my journal and started writing These are the things that are happening in my life in no particular order - I got the flu and I feel terrible and I also feel terrible inside. - I have always felt terrible inside. The reasons for this keep changing. - I told my father I always had bad dreams. And that was true. Id never told anyone that before. Not even myself. I only knew it was true when I said it. - I hated my mom for a minute or two because she told me I didnt have any friends. - I want to know about my brother. If I knew more about him, would I hate him? - My father held me in his arms when I had a fever and I wanted him to hold me in his arms forever. - The problem is not that I dont love my mother and father. The problem is that I dont know how to love them. - Dante is the first friend Ive ever had. That scares me. - I think that if Dante really knew me, he wouldnt like me. Leven WE HAD TO WAIT OVER TWO HOURS AT THE DOCTOR'S office. But my mom and I came prepared. I brought the book of poems Dante had brought over, the book of poems by William Carlos Williamsand Mom, she brought a novel she was reading, Bless Me, Ultima. I was sitting across from her in the waiting room and I knew that sometimes, she was studying me. I felt her eyes on me. I didnt know you liked poetry. Its Dantes book. His father has poetry books all over the house. Its a wonderful thing, what his father does. You mean being a professor? Yes. How wonderful. I guess so, I said. When I went to the university, I never had one Mexican-American professor. Not one. There was a look on her face, almost anger. I knew so little about her. About what shed been throughabout what it felt like to be her. Id never cared, not really. I was starting to care, starting to wonder. Starting to wonder about everything. You like poetry, Ari? Yeah. I guess I do. Maybe you'll be a writer, she said. A poet. It sounded like such a beautiful thing when she said it. Too beautiful for me. Yuelve THERE WAS NOTHING WRONG WITH ME. THATS WHAT the doctor said. Just recovering normally from a severe flu. An afternoon wasted. Except Id seen rage appear on my mothers face for an instant. That was something I would have to think about. Just when she was becoming less of a mystery, she became more of one. I finally got to leave the house. I met Dante at the swimming pool, but I got winded easily. Mostly, I watched Dante swim. It looked like it was going to rain. They always came this time of year, the rains. I heard the distant thunder. As we were walking toward Dantes house, it began to rain. And then it began to pour. I looked at Dante. I wont run if you dont. T won't run. So we walked in the rain. I wanted to walk faster, but instead I slowed down. I looked at Dante. Can you take it? He smiled. Slowly, we made our way to his house. In the rain. Soaked. Dantes father made us change into dry clothing when we got to his house, and gave us a lecture. I already know that Dante doesnt have an ounce of common sense. But, Ari, I thought you were a little more responsible. Dante couldnt help but interrupt. Fat chance, Dad. He just got over a flu, Dante. Im okay now, I said. I like the rain. I looked down at the floor. Tm sorry. He put his hand on my chin and lifted it up. He looked at me. Summer boys, he said. I liked the way he looked at me. I thought he was the kindest man in the world. Maybe everybody was kind. Maybe even my father. But Mr. Quintana was brave. He didnt care if the whole world knew he was kind. Dante was just like him. I asked Dante if his father ever got mad. He doesnt get mad very often. Hardly at all. But when he does get mad, I try to stay out of his way. What does he get mad at? I threw out all his papers once. You did that? He wasnt paying any attention to me. How old were you? Twelve. So you made him mad on purpose. Something like that. Out of nowhere I started coughing. We gave each other a panicked look. Hot tea, Dante said. I nodded. Good idea. We sat, drinking our tea and watching the rain fall on his front porch. The sky was almost black and then it started hailing. It was so beautiful and scary, I wondered about the science of storms and how sometimes it seemed that a storm wanted to break the world and how the world refused to break. I was staring at the hail when Dante tapped me on the shoulder. We need to have a conversation. A conversation? A talk. We talk every day. Yeah, but. I mean a talk. About what? About, you know, what were like. Our parents. Stuff like that. Did anybody ever tell you that you werent normal? Is that something I should aspire to? You're not. Youre not normal. I shook my head. Where did you come from? My parents had sex one night. I could almost imagine his parents having sexwhich was a little weird. How do you know it was night? Good point. We busted out laughing. Okay, he said. This is serious. Is this like a game? Yes. Tll play. Whats your favorite color? Blue. Red. Favorite car? Dont like cars. Me neither. Favorite song? Dont have one. Yours? The Long and Winding Road. The Long and Winding Road? The Beatles, Ari. Dont know it. Great song, Ari. Boring game, Dante. Are we interviewing each other? Something like that. What position am I applying for? Best friend. I thought I already had the job. Dont be so sure, you arrogant son of a bitch. He reached over and punched me. Not hard. But not soft either. That made me laugh. Nice mouth. Sometimes dont you just want to stand up and yell out all the cuss words you've learned? Every day. Every day? Youre worse than me. He looked at the hail. Its like pissed off snow, he said. That made me laugh. Dante shook his head. Were too nice, you know that? What do you mean? Our parents turned us into nice boys. I hate that. I dont think Im so nice. Are you in a gang? No. Do you do drugs? No. Do you drink? I'd like to. Me too. But that wasnt the question. No, I dont drink. Do you have sex? Sex? Sex, Ari. No, never had sex, Dante. But Id like to. Me too. See what I mean? We're nice. Nice, I said. Shit. Shit, he said. And then we busted out laughing. All afternoon, Dante shot questions at me. I answered them. When it stopped hailing and raining, the hot day had suddenly turned cool. The whole world seemed to be quiet and calm and I wanted to be the world and feel like that. Dante got up from the step of the porch and stood on the sidewalk. He held up his arms toward the heavens. Its all so damned beautiful, he said. He turned around. Lets go for a walk. Our tennis shoes, I said. Dad put them in the dryer. Who cares? Yeah, who cares? I knew I had done that before, walked barefoot on a wet sidewalk, knew I had felt the breeze against my face. But it didnt feel like Id ever done that. It felt like this was happening for the first time. Dante was saying something but I wasnt really listening. I was staring at the sky, the dark clouds, listening to the distant thunder. I looked at Dante, the breeze alive in his long, dark hair. We're leaving for a year, he said. I was suddenly sad. No, not exactly sad. It felt like someone had punched me. Leaving? Yeah. Why? I mean, when? My dads going to be a visiting professor for a year at the University of Chicago. I think theyre interested in hiring him. Thats great, I said. Yeah, he said. Id been happy, and then, just like that, I was sad. I couldnt stand it, how sad I was. I didnt look at him. I just looked up at the sky. Thats really great. So when are you leaving? At the end of August. Six weeks. I smiled. Thats great. You keep saying thats great. Well, it is. Yeah, it is. Arent you sad, that Im leaving? Why would I be sad? He smiled and then, I dont know, there was this look on his face and it was so hard to tell what he was thinking or feeling, which was strange because Dantes face was a book that the whole world could read. Look, he said. He pointed at a bird in the middle of the street that was trying to fly. I could tell that one of his wings was broken. Hes going to die, I whispered. We can save it. Dante walked into the middle of the street and tried to pick up the bird. I watched him as he picked up the frightened bird. Thats the last thing I remember before the car swerved around the corner. Dante! Dante! I knew the screams were coming from inside me. Dante! I remember thinking that it was all a dream. All of it. It was just another bad dream. I kept thinking that the world was ending. I thought about the sparrows falling from the sky. Dante! Whe nd 0f Summer Do you remember the summer of the rain. . . You must let everything fall that wants to fall. Karen Fiser Cee  REMEMBER THE CAR SWERVING AROUND THE CORNER and Dante standing in the middle of the street holding a bird with a broken wing. I remember the slippery streets after the hail storm.  remember screaming his name. Dante! I woke up in a hospital room. Both of my legs were in a cast. So was my left arm. Everything seemed really far away and my whole body hurt and I kept thinking what happened? I had a dull headache. What happened? What happened? Even my fingers hurt. I swear they did. I felt like a soccer ball after a game. Shit. I must have groaned or something, because all of a sudden my mom and dad were standing right beside my bed. My mom was crying. Dont cry, I said. My throat was really dry and I didnt sound like me. I sounded like someone else. She bit her lip and reached over and combed my hair with her fingers. I just looked at her. Just dont cry, okay? I was afraid youd never wake up. She just sobbed into my fathers shoulder. Part of me was beginning to register everything. Another part of me just wanted to be somewhere else. Maybe none of this was really happening. But it was happening. It was. It didnt seem real. Except that I was in some serious pain. And that was real. It was the most real thing I had ever known. It hurts, I said. Thats when my mom just shut off her tears and became herself again. I was glad. I hated to see her weak and crying and falling apart. I wondered if thats the way she felt when my brother was taken away to prison. She pushed a button on my Vthen put it in my hand. If youre in a lot of pain, you can push this every fifteen minutes. What is it? Morphine. At long last I get to do drugs. She ignored my joke. I'll get the nurse. My mom, she was always moving into action. I liked that about her. I looked around the room and wondered why Id woken up. I kept thinking that if I could only get back to sleep, then it wouldnt hurt anymore. I preferred my bad dreams to the pain. I looked at my dad. Its okay, I said. Everythings okay. I didnt really believe what I was saying. My father was wearing a serious smile. Ari, Ari, he said. You're the bravest boy in the world. Tm not. You are. Im the guy whos afraid of his own dreams, Dad. Remember? I loved his smile. Why couldnt he just smile all the time? I wanted to ask him what happened. But I was afraid. I dont know. .. . My throat was dry and I just couldnt talk, and then it all came back to me and the image of Dante holding a wounded bird flashed in my head. I couldnt catch my breath and I was afraid, and I thought that maybe Dante was dead, and then there was all this panic living inside of me. I could feel this awful thing going on in my heart. Dante? I heard his name in my mouth. The nurse was standing next to me. She had a nice voice. Im going to check your blood pressure, she said. I just lay there and let her do what she wanted. I didnt care. She smiled. Hows your pain? My pain is fine, I whispered. She laughed. You gave us a good scare, young man. I like scaring people, I whispered. My mother shook her head. I like the morphine, I said. I closed my eyes. Dante? Hes fine, my mother said. I opened my eyes. I heard my fathers voice. Hes scared. Hes really scared. But hes okay?  Yes. Hes okay. Hes been waiting for you to wake up. My mother and father looked at each other. I heard my mothers voice. Hes here. He was alive. Dante. I felt myself breathe. What happened to the bird he was holding? My father reached over and squeezed my hand. Crazy boys, he whispered. Crazy, crazy boys. I watched him as he left the room. My mother just kept staring at me. Where did Dad go? He went to get Dante. He hasnt left. Hes been here for the last thirty-six hourswaiting for you to Thirty-six hours? You had surgery. Surgery? They had to repair your bones. Okay. You'll have scars. Okay. You were awake for a little while after the surgery. I dont remember. You were in pain. They gave you something. Then you were out again. I dont remember. The doctor said you probably wouldn't. Did I say anything? You just moaned. You asked for Dante. He wouldnt leave. Hes a very stubborn young man. That made me smile. Yeah, well, he wins all our arguments. Just like the ones I have with you. I love you, she whispered. Do you know how much I love you? It was nice the way she said that. She hadnt said that to me in a long time. Love you more. When I was a boy, I used to say that to her. I thought she was going to cry again. But she didnt. Well, there were tears, but no real crying. She handed me a glass of water and I drank a little bit from a straw. Your legs, she said. The car ran over your legs. It wasnt the drivers fault, I said. She nodded. You had a very, very fine surgeon. All the breaks are below the knees. God She stopped. They thought you might lose your legs She stopped and wiped the tears from her face. Im never going to let you out of the house, ever again. Fascist, I whispered. She kissed me. You sweet, beautiful kid. Im not that sweet, Mom. Dont argue with me. Okay, I said. Im sweet. She started crying again. Its okay, I said. Everythings okay. Dante and my dad walked into the room. We looked at each other and smiled. He had some stitches above his left eye and the left side of his face was all scraped up. He had two black eyes and he was wearing a cast on his right arm. Hi, he said. Hi, I said. We sort of match, he said. I got you beat, I whispered. Finally, you get to win an argument. Yeah, finally, I said. You look like shit. He was standing right next to me. So do you. We just looked at each other. You sound tired, he said. Yeah. Im glad you woke up. Yeah, I woke up. But it hurts less when I sleep. You saved my life, Ari. Dantes hero. Just what I always wanted to be. Dont do that, Ari. Dont make fun. You almost got yourself killed. I didnt do it on purpose. He started crying. Dante and his tears. Dante and his tears. You pushed me. You pushed me and you saved my life. Looks like I pushed you and beat the crap out of your face. Ive got character now, he said. It was that damned bird, I said. We can blame it all on the bird. The whole thing. Im done with birds. No you're not. He started crying again. Knock it off, I said. My moms been crying, and now you're cryingand even Dad looks like he wants to cry. Rules. I have rules. No crying. Okay, he said, No more crying. Boys dont cry. Boys dont cry, I said. Tears make me really tired. Dante laughed. And then he got really serious. You took a dive like you were in a swimming pool. We dont have to talk about this. He just kept talking. You dove at me, like, I dont know, like some kind of football player diving at the guy with the ball, and you pushed me out of the way. It all happened so fast and yet, you just, I dont know, you just knew what to do. Only you could have gotten yourself killed. I watched the tears falling from his face. And all because Im an idiot, standing in the middle of the road trying to save a stupid bird. You're breaking the no-crying rule again, I said. And birds arent stupid. I almost got you killed. You didnt do anything. You were just being you. No more birds for me. I like birds, I said. Ive given them up. You saved my life. I told you. I didnt do it on purpose. That made everybody laugh. God, I was tired. And it hurt so much and I remember Dante squeezing my hand and saying over and over, Im sorry Im sorry Ari Ari Ari forgive me forgive me. I guess the aftereffects of the surgery and the morphine made me feel a little high. I remember humming. La Bamba. I know that Dante and my mom and dad were still in the room, but I couldnt stay awake. I remember Dante squeezing my hand. And I remember thinking, Forgive you? For what, Dante? What is there to forgive? I dont know why, but there was rain in my dreams. Dante and I were barefoot. The rain wouldnt stop. And I was afraid. ao  DON'T KNOW HOW LONG  WAS IN THE HOSPITAL. A few days. Four days. Maybe five. Six. Hell, I dont know. It felt like forever. They ran tests. Thats what they do in hospitals. They were checking to make sure I had no other internal injuries. Especially brain injuries. I had a neurologist come in and see me. I didnt like him. He had dark hair and really deep green eyes that didnt like looking at people. He didnt seem to care. Either that or he cared too much. But the thing was, he wasnt very good with people. He didnt talk to me very much. He took a lot of notes. I learned that nurses liked to make small talk and were in love with taking your vitals. Thats what they did. They gave you a pill to help you sleep, then they woke you up all night. Shit. I wanted to sleep. I wanted to sleep and wake to see that my casts were gone. Thats what I told one of the nurses. Cant you just put me to sleep and wake me up when they take my casts off? Silly boy, the nurse said. Yeah. Silly boy. I remember this one thing My room was full of flowers. Flowers from all my moms church-lady friends. Flowers from Dantes mother and father. Flowers from my sisters. Flowers from the neighbors. Flowers from my mothers garden. Flowers. Shit. I never had an opinion about flowers until then. I decided I didnt like them. I sort of liked my surgeon. He was all about sports injuries. He was kind of young and I could tell he was a jock, you know this big gringo with big hands and long fingers and I wondered about that. He had the hands of a pianist. I remember thinking that. But I didnt know shit about pianists hands or surgeons hands and I remember dreaming them. His hands. In my dream, he healed Dantes bird and set it free into the summer sky. It was a nice dream.  didnt have those very often. Dr. Charles. That was his name. He knew what he was doing. A good guy. Yeah, thats what I thought. He answered all my questions. And I had lots of them. Do I have pins in my legs? Yes. Permanently? Yes. And you won't have to go in again? Hope not. Big talker, huh, Doc? He laughed. You're a tough guy, huh? I dont think Im so tough. Well, I think you are tough. I think youre tough as hell. Yeah? Ive been around. Really? Yes. Really, Aristotle. Can I tell you something? Call me Ari. Ari. He smiled. Im surprised at how well you held up during the operation. And Im surprised how well youre doing right now. Its amazing really. Its luck and genes, I said. The genes I got from my mom and dad. And my luck, well, I dont where that came from. God, maybe. You a religious guy? Not really. That would be my mom. Yeah, well, moms and God generally get along pretty well. Guess so, I said. When am I going to stop feeling like crap? In no time. No time? Am I going to be hurting and itching for eight weeks? It'll get better. Sure. And how come, if my legs were broken below the knee, my casts are above the knee? I just want to keep you still for two or three weeks. I dont want you to be bending. Might hurt yourself again. Tough guys, they push themselves. After a few weeks, I'll change your casts. Then you'll be able to bend your legs. Shit. Shit? A few weeks? We'll give it three weeks. Three weeks without bending my legs? Its not such a long time. Its summer. And then I'll get you to a physical therapist. I took a breath. Shit. And this? I said, aiming my arm cast at him. I was getting really depressed. That fracture wasnt so bad. Itll be off in a month. A month? Shit. You like that word, dont you? I'd prefer to use other words. He smiled. Shit will do just fine. I wanted to cry. I did. Mostly I was mad and frustrated and I knew he was going to tell me that I needed to be patient. And thats exactly what he said. You just need to be patient. You'll be good as new. Youre young. You're strong. You have great, healthy bones. I have every reason to believe that youre going to heal very nicely. Very nicely. Patient. Shit. He checked the feeling in my toes, had me breathe, had me follow his fingers with my left eye, then my right eye. You know, he said, thats a helluva thing you did for your friend, Dante. Look, I wish people would stop talking about that. He looked at me. He had this look on his face. You could have wound up a paraplegic. Or worse. Worse? Young man, you could have been killed. Killed. Okay. People keep saying that. Look, Doc, Im alive. You dont much like being a hero, do you? I told Dante I didnt do it on purpose. Everyone thought that was funny. It wasnt a joke. I dont even remember diving toward him. It wasnt as if I said to myself, Im going to save my friend, Dante. It wasnt like that. It was just a reflex, you know, like when someone hits your funny bone below the knee. Your leg just jerks. Thats how it was. It just happened. Just a reflex? It just happened? Exactly. And you're responsible for none of it? It was just one of those things. Just one of those things? Yeah. I have a different theory. Of course you doyou're an adult. He laughed. What do you have against adults? They too have many ideas about who we are. Or who we should be. Thats our job. Nice, I said. Nice, he said. Listen, son, I know you dont think of yourself as being brave or courageous or any of those things. Of course you dont. Im just a regular guy. Yeah, thats how you see yourself. But, you pushed your friend out of the way of an oncoming car. You did that, Ari, and you didnt think about yourself or what would happen to you. You did that because thats who you are. Id think about that if I were you. What for? Just think about it. Im not sure I want to do all that thinking. Okay. Just so you know, Ari, I think youre a very rare young man. Thats what I think. I told you, Doc, it was just a reflex. He grinned at me and put his hand on my shoulder. I know your kind, Ari. Im on to you. I dont know exactly what he meant by that. But he was smiling. Right after that conversation with Dr. Charles, Dantes mom and dad came to visit. Mr. Quintana came right up to me and kissed me on the cheek. Just like it was this normal thing to do. I guess for him it was normal. And really, I thought that the gesture was kind of nice, you know, sweet, but it made me a little bit uncomfortable. It was something I wasnt used to. And he kept thanking me over and over and over. I wanted to tell him to knock it off. But, I just let him go on and on because I knew how much he loved his Dante and he was so happy and I was happy that he was happy. So it was okay. I wanted to change the subject. I mean, I didnt have a lot to talk about. I felt like crap. But they were there to see me and I could talk and, you know, I could process things even though my mind was still a little foggy. So I said, So you'll be in Chicago for a year? Yes, he said. Dante hasnt forgiven me yet. I sort of just looked at him. Hes still mad. He says he wasnt consulted. That made me smile. He doesnt want to miss swimming for a year. He told me he could live with you for a year. That surprised me. Dante kept more secrets than I thought. I closed my eyes. Are you okay, Ari? The itching makes me crazy sometimes. So I just close my eyes. He had this really kind look on his face. I didnt tell him that my new thing was trying to imagine what my brother looked like every time I couldnt stand the sensation in my legs. Anyway, its good to talk, I said. It keeps my mind off things. I opened my eyes. So Dantes mad at you. Well, I told him there was no way I was going to leave him behind for a year. I pictured Dante giving his father a look. Dantes stubborn. I heard Mrs. Quintanas voice. He takes after me. That made me smile. I knew it was true. You know what I think? she said. I think Dantes going to miss you. I think thats the real reason he doesnt want to leave. Tll miss him too, I said. I was sorry Id said that. It was true, okay, but I didnt have to say it. His father looked at me. Dante doesnt have a lot of friends. I always thought everybody liked him. Thats true. Everybody likes Dante. But hes always been something of a loner. He doesnt seem to go along with the crowd. Hes always been like that. He smiled at me. Like you. Maybe so, I said. You're the best friend hes ever had. I think you should know that. I didnt want to know that. I didnt know why I didnt want to know that. I smiled at him. He was a good man. And he was talking to me. To me. To Ari. And even though I didnt particularly want to have this conversation, I knew I just had to go with it. There werent that many good people in the world. You know, Im kind of a boring guy when you think about it. Dont know what Dante sees. I couldnt believe Id said that to them. Mrs. Quintana had been standing further away. But she came up and stood right next to her husband. Why do you think that, Ari? What? Why do you think youre boring? God, I thought, the therapist has shown up.  just shrugged. I closed my eyes. Okay, I knew when I opened my eyes, they would still be there. Dante and I were cursed with parents who cared. Why couldnt they just leave us alone? What ever happened to parents who were too busy or too selfish or just didnt give a shit about what their sons did? I decided to open my eyes again. I knew Mr. Quintana was going to say something else. I could just feel it. But maybe he sensed something about me. I dont know. He didnt say anything else. We started talking about Chicago. I was glad we werent talking about me or Dante or what happened. Mr. Quintana said the university had found them a small place. Mrs. Quintana was taking an eight-month leave from her practice. So really they wouldnt be gone a whole year. Just a school year. Not such a long time. I dont remember everything that the Quintanas talked about. They were trying so hard, and a part of me was happy they were there but another part of me just didnt give a damn. And, of course, the conversation changed back to me and Dante. Mrs. Quintana said she was going to take Dante to a counselor. He feels so bad, she said. She said maybe it would be a good idea if I went to see a counselor too. Yeah, the therapist thing to say. Im worried about the both of you, she said. You should have coffee with my mother, I said. You can worry together. Mr. Quintana thought that was funny, but really I didnt say it to be funny. Mrs. Quintana grinned at me. Aristotle Mendoza, youre not the least bit boring. After a while, I was just really tired and stopped concentrating. I dont know why I couldnt stand the gratitude in Mr. Quintanas eyes when he said good-bye. But it was Mrs. Quintana who really got to me. Unlike her husband, she wasnt the kind of woman who let people see what she really felt. Not that she wasnt nice and decent and all of that. Of course she was. It was just that when Dante said that his mother was inscrutable, I knew exactly what he was saying. Before she left, Mrs. Quintana took my face between her two hands, looked right into my eyes, and whispered, Aristotle Mendoza, I will love you forever. Her voice was soft and sure and fierce and there werent any tears in her eyes. Her words were serene and sober and she looked right at me because she wanted me to know that she meant every word of what shed said to me. This is what I understood a woman like Mrs. Quintana didnt use the word love very often. When she said that word, she meant it. And one more thing I understood Dantes mother loved him more than he would ever know. I didnt know what to do with that piece of information. So I just kept it inside. Thats what I did with everything. Kept it inside. Yavee  GOT A PHONE CALL FROM DANTE. SORRY,  HAVEN'T gone to see you, he said. Its okay, I said. Im not really in the mood to talk to people. Me neither, he said. Did my mom and dad tire you out? No. Theyre nice. My mom says I have to go to a counselor. Yeah, she said something like that. Are you gonna go? Im not going anywhere. Your mom and my mom, they talked. Bet they did. So are you gonna go? When Mom thinks something is a good idea, theres no escape. Its best to go along quietly. That made me laugh. I wanted to ask him what hed tell the counselor. But I dont think I really wanted to know. Hows your face? I said. I like staring at it. You're really weird. Maybe it is a good idea for you to see a counselor. I liked hearing him laugh. It made things seem normal. A part of me thought things would never be normal again. Does it still hurt a lot, Ari? I dont know. Its as if my legs own me. I cant think about anything else. I just want to yank the casts off and, shit, I dont know. Its all my fault. I hated that thing in his voice. Listen, I said. Can we have some rules here? Rules? More rules. You mean like the no-crying rule? Exactly. Did they take you off the morphine? Yes. You're just in a bad mood. This isnt about my mood. Its about rules. I dont know what the big deal isyou love rules. I hate rules. I like to break them mostly. No, Dante, you like to make your own rules. So long as the rules are yours, you like them. Oh, so now you're analyzing me? See, you dont have to go to a counselor. You have me. Tl tell my mom. Let me know what she says. I think we were both smiling. Look, Dante, I just want to say that we have to have some rules here. Post-op rules? You can call them that if you want. Okay, so what are the rules? Rule number one We won't talk about the accident. Not ever. Rule number two Stop saying thank you. Rule number three This whole thing is not your fault. Rule number four Lets just move on. Im not sure I like the rules, Ari. Take it up with your counselor. But those are the rules. You sound like youre mad. Im not mad. I could tell Dante was thinking. He knew I was serious. Okay, he said. We won't ever talk about the accident. Its a stupid rule, but okay. And can I just say Im sorry one more time? And can I say thank you one more time? You just did. No more, okay? Are you rolling your eyes? Yes. Okay, no more. That afternoon, he took the bus and came to visit me. He looked, well, not so good. He tried to pretend it didnt hurt him to look at me but he could never hide anything that he felt. Dont feel sorry for me, I said. The doctor said I was going to heal very nicely. Very nicely? Thats exactly what he said. So give me eight to ten or twelve weeks, and Im going to be myself again. Not that being myself is such a great thing. Dante laughed. Then he looked at me. Are you going to initiate a no-laughing rule? Laughing is always good. Laughing works. Good, he said. He sat down and took out some books from his backpack. I brought you reading material. The Grapes of Wrath and War and Peace. Great, I said. He gave me a look. I could have brought you more flowers. I hate flowers. Somehow I guessed that. He grinned at me. I stared at the books. Theyre fucking long, I said. Thats the point. Guess I have time. Exactly. You've read them?  Course I have.  Course you have. He slid the books onto the stand next to my bed. I shook my head. Yeah. Time. Shit. He took out his sketch pad. You going to sketch me in my casts? Nope. I just thought that maybe youd want to look at some of my sketches. Okay, I said. Dont get too excited. Its not that. The pain comes and goes. Does it hurt right now? Yes. Are you taking anything? Im trying not to. I hate the way whatever the hell they give me makes me feel. I pushed the button on the bed, so I could sit up. I wanted to say I hate this but I didnt. I wanted to scream. Dante handed me the sketch pad. I started to open it. You can look at it after I leave. I guess I was holding a question on my face. You have rules. I have rules too. It was good to laugh. I wanted to laugh and laugh and laugh until I laughed myself into becoming someone else. The really great thing about laughing was that it made me forget about the strange and awtul feeling in my legs. Even if it was only for a minute. Tell me about the people on the bus, I said. He smiled. There was a man on the bus who told me about the aliens in Roswell. He said that . . . I dont know that I really listened to the story. I guess it was enough just to hear the sound of Dantes voice. It was like listening to a song. I kept thinking about the bird with the broken wing. Nobody told me what happened to the bird. And I couldnt even ask because I would be breaking my own rule about not talking about the accident. Dante kept telling the story about the man on the bus and the aliens in Roswell and how some had escaped to El Paso and were planning on taking over the transportation system. As I watched him, the thought came into my head that I hated him. He read me some poems. They were nice I guess. I wasnt in the mood. When he finally left, I stared at his sketch pad. Hed never let anybody look at his sketches. And now he was showing them to me. To me. Ari. I knew he was only letting me see his work because he was grateful. I hated all that gratitude. Dante felt he owed me something. I didnt want that. Not that. I took his sketch pad in my hands and flung it across the room. a IT WAS JUST MY LUCK THAT MY MOTHER WAS WALKING into the room as Dantes sketch pad hit the wall. You want to tell me what that was about? I shook my head. My mother picked up the sketch pad. She sat down. She was going to open it. Don't do that, I said What? Dont look at it. Why? Dante doesnt like people to look at his sketches. Only you? I guess so. Then whyd you throw it across the room? I dont know. I know you dont want to talk about this, Ari, but I think I dont want to know what you think, Mom. I just dont want to talk. Its not good for you to keep everything inside. I know this is hard. And the next two or three months or so are going to be very difficult. Keeping everything bottled up inside you isnt going to help you heal. Well, maybe you'll have to take me to see some counselor and have me talk about my difficulties. I know sarcasm when I hear it. And I dont think a counselor would be such a bad idea. You and Mrs. Quintana making backroom deals? You're a wise guy. I closed my eyes and opened them. I'll make a deal with you, Mom. I could almost taste the anger on my tongue. I swear. You talk about my brother and I'll talk about what I feel. I saw the look on her face. She looked surprised and hurt. And angry. Your brother has nothing to do with any of this. You think you and Dad are the only ones who can keep things on the inside? Dad keeps a whole war inside of him. I can keep things on the inside too. One thing has nothing to do with the other. Thats not how I see it. You go to a counselor. Dad goes to a counselor. And maybe after that, Ill go to a counselor. Im going to have a cup of coffee, she said. Take your time. I closed my eyes. I guess that was going to be my new thing. I couldnt exactly storm away in anger. Id just have to close my eyes and shut out the universe. Seve MY DAD VISITED ME EVERY EVENING. I wanted him to go away. He tried to talk to me but it wasnt working. He pretty much just sat there. That made me crazy. I got this idea into my head. Dante left two books, I said. Which one do you want to read? Ill read the other. He chose War and Peace. The Grapes of Wrath was fine with me. It wasnt so bad, me and my father sitting in a hospital room. Reading. My legs itched like crazy. Sometimes, I would just breathe. Reading helped. Sometimes I knew my father was studying me. He asked me if I was still having dreams. Yes, I said. Now Im looking for my legs. You'll find them, he said. My mom never brought up the conversation wed had about my brother. She just pretended it hadnt happened. Im not sure how I felt about that. The good thing was, she wasnt pushing me to talk. But, you know, she just hung out, trying to make sure I was comfortable. I wasnt comfortable. Who in the hell could be comfortable with two leg casts? I needed help doing everything. And I was tired of bedpans. And I was tired of taking rides in a wheelchair. My best friend, the wheelchair. And my best friend, my mom. She was making me crazy. Mom, you're hovering. Youre going to make me say the f word. You really are. Dont you dare say that word in front of me. I swear Im going to, Mom, if you dont stop. What is this wise guy role you've been playing? Its not a role, Mom. Im not in a play. I was desperate. Mom, my legs hurt and when they dont hurt, they itch. Theyve taken the morphine away Which is a good thing, my mother interrupted. Yeah, okay, Mom. We cant have a little addict running around, now can we? As if I could run around. Shit. Mom, I just want to be alone. Is that okay with you? That I just want to be alone? Okay, she said. She gave me more space after that. Dante never came back to visit. Hed call twice a day just to say hi. Hed gotten sick. The flu. I felt bad for him. He sounded terrible. He said he had dreams. I told him I had dreams too. One day he called and said, I want to say something to you, Ari. Okay, I said. And then he didnt say anything. What? I said. Never mind, he said. It doesnt matter. I thought it probably mattered a lot. Okay, I said. I wish we could swim again. Me too, I said. I was glad he called. But I was also glad he couldnt come to see me. I dont know why. For some reason I thought My life will be different now. And I kept repeating that to myself. I wondered what it would have been like to lose my legs. And in a sense, I had lost them. Not forever. But for a while. I tried using crutches. It just wasnt going to happen. Not that the nurses and my mom didnt warn me. I guess I just had to see for myself. It was just impossible with both my legs completely straight and my left arm in a cast. It was hard to do everything. The worst thing for me was that I had to use a bedpan. I guess you could say that I found it humiliating. That was the word. I couldnt even really take a showerand  didnt really have the use of both hands. But the good thing was that I could use all my fingers. That was something I guess. I got to practice using a wheelchair with my legs out. I named the wheelchair Fidel. Dr. Charles came to visit me one last time. Have you thought about what I told you? Yup, I said. And? And I think you made a really good decision by becoming a surgeon. You would have made a lousy therapist. So you've always been a wiseass, huh? Always. Well, you can go home and be a wiseass there. How does that sound? I wanted to hug him. I was happy. I was happy for about ten seconds. And then I started to feel really anxious. I gave my mom a lecture. When we get home, you're not allowed to hover. What is this about making all these rules, Ari? No hovering. Thats all. You'll need help, she said. But Ill need to be left alone too. She smiled at me. Big Brother is watching you. I smiled back at her. Even when I wanted to hate my mother, I loved her. I wondered if it was normal for fifteen-year-old boys to love their mothers. Maybe it was. Maybe it wasnt. I remember getting into the car. I had to stretch out in the backseat. It was a pain in the ass to get me in. It was a good thing my father was strong. Everything was so damned hard and my parents were so afraid of hurting me. No one said anything in the car. As I stared out, I looked for birds. I wanted to close my eyes and let the silence swallow me whole. Se THE MORNING AFTER  CAME HOME, MY MOM WASHED my hair. You have such beautiful hair, she said. I think I'll grow it long, I said. Like I had a choice. A trip to a barber shop would have been a nightmare. She gave me a sponge bath. I closed my eyes and sat still for her. She shaved me. When she left the room, I broke down and sobbed. I had never been this sad. I have never been this sad. I have never been this sad. My heart hurt even more than my legs. I know my mom heard me. She had the decency to let me cry alone. I stared out the window most of the day. I practiced pushing myself on the wheelchair through the house. My mom kept rearranging things to make it easier. We smiled at each other a lot. You can watch television, she said. Brain rot, I said. I have a book. Do you like it? Yeah. Its kind of hard. Not the words. But, you know, what its about. I guess Mexicans arent the only poor people in the world. We looked at each other. We didnt really smile. But we were smiling at each other on the inside. My sisters came over for dinner. My nephews and nieces signed my cast. I think I smiled a lot and everyone was talking and laughing and it all seemed so normal. And I was glad for my mom and dad because I think it was me who was making the house sad. When my sisters left, I asked my dad if we could sit on the front porch. I sat on Fidel. My mother and father sat on their outdoor rocking chairs. We drank coffee. My mother and father held hands. I wondered what that was like, to hold someones hand. I bet you could sometimes find all of the mysteries of the universe in someones hand. Clever IT WAS A RAINY SUMMER. EVERY AFTERNOON, THE clouds would gather like a flock of crows, and it would rain. I fell in love with the thunder. I finished reading the Grapes of Wrath. Then I finished reading War and Peace. I decided I wanted to read all the books by Ernest Hemingway. My father decided he would read everything that I read. Maybe that was our way of talking. Dante came over every day. Mostly Dante would talk and I would listen. He decided that he should read The Sun Also Rises to me aloud. I wasnt going to argue with him. I was never going to out-stubborn Dante Quintana. So every day he would read a chapter of the book. And then we would talk about it. Its a sad book, I said. Yeah. Thats why you like it. Yeah, I said. Thats exactly right. He never asked me anything about what I thought of his sketches. I was glad about that. I had placed his sketchbook under my bed and refused to look at it. I think I was punishing Dante. He had given me a piece of himself that he had never given to another human being. And I hadnt even bothered to look at it. Why was I doing that? One day he blurted out that hed finally gone to see a counselor. I was hoping he wouldnt tell me anything about his counseling session. He didnt. I was glad about that. And then I was sort of mad he didnt. Okay, so I was moody. And inconsistent. Yeah, thats what I was. Dante kept looking at me. What? Are you going to go? Where? To see a counselor, you idiot. No. No? I looked at my legs. I could see he wanted to say Im sorry again. But he didnt. It helped, he said. Going to the counselor. It wasnt so bad. It really did help. Are you going back? Maybe. I nodded. Talking doesnt help everybody. Dante smiled. Not that youd know. I smiled back. Yeah. Not that Id know.  DON'T KNOW HOW IT HAPPENED, BUT ONE MORNING Dante came over and decided hed be the one to give me a sponge bath. Is it okay? he said. Well, its kind of my moms job, I said. She said it was okay, he said. You asked her? Yeah. Oh, I said. Still, its really her job. Your dad? Hes never bathed you? No. Shaved you? No. I dont want him to. Why not? I just dont. He was quiet. I wont hurt you. You've already hurt me. Thats what I wanted to say. Those were the words that entered my head. Those were the words I wanted to slap him with. The words were mean. I was mean. Let me, he said. Instead of telling him to go screw himself, I said okay. Id learned to make myself perfectly passive when my mother bathed and shaved me. I would shut my eyes and think about the characters in the book I was reading. Somehow that got me through. I closed my eyes. I felt Dantes hands on my shoulders, the warm water, the soap, the washcloth. Dantes hands were bigger than my mothers. And softer. He was slow, methodical, careful. He made me feel as fragile as porcelain. I never once opened my eyes. We didnt say a word. I felt his hands on my bare chest. On my back. I let him shave me. When he was done, I opened my eyes. Tears were falling down his face. I should have expected that. I wanted to yell at him. I wanted to tell him that it was me who should be crying. Dante had this look on his face. He looked like an angel. And all I wanted to do was put my fist through his jaw. I couldnt stand my own cruelty. Mine THREE WEEKS AND TWO DAYS AFTER THE ACCIDENT, I went to the doctors office to get new casts and x-rays. My father took the day off. On the way to the doctors office, my dad was very talkative which was very weird. August thirtieth, my dad said. Okay, so that was my birthday. I thought maybe you'd like a car. A car. Shit. Yeah, I said. I dont drive. You can learn. You said you didnt want me driving. I never said that. It was your mom who said that. I couldnt see my moms face from the backseat. And I couldnt exactly lean over. And what does my mom think? You mean your mom, the fascist? Yeah, her, I said. We all busted out laughing. So, what do you say, Ari? My dad sounded like a boy. I think Id like, you know, one of those low-rider cars. My mother didnt skip a beat. Over my dead body. I lost it. I think I probably laughed for five minutes straight. My father joined in the fun. Okay, I said finally. Seriously? Seriously. I'd like an old pickup truck. My mother and father exchanged glances. We can make that happen, my mother said. I only have two questions. The first question is this Are you getting me a car because you feel bad that Im an invalid? My mother was ready for that one. No. You'll be in invalid for another three or four weeks. Then you'll do some therapy. Then you'll be fine. And you wont be invalid. You'll just return to being a pain in the ass. My mother never cussed. This was serious business. What was your second question? Which of the two of you are going to give me driving lessons? They both answered at the same time. I am. I figured Id let them fight it out. ee  HATED LIVING IN THE SMALL AND CLAUSTROPHOBIC atmosphere of my house. It didnt feel like home anymore. I felt like an unwanted guest. I hated being waited on all the time. I hated that my parents were so patient with me. I did. Thats the truth. They didnt do anything wrong. They were just trying to help me. But I hated them. And I hated Dante too. And I hated myself for hating them. So there it was, my own vicious cycle. My own private universe of hate. I thought it would never be over. I thought my life would never get better. But it did get better with my new casts. I could bend my knees. I used Fidel for another week. Then my arm cast came off and I could use my crutches. I asked my dad to put Fidel in the basement so I wouldnt have to look at that stupid wheelchair ever again. With the full use of my hands, I could bathe myself. I took out my journal and this is what I wrote J TOOK A SHOWER! I was actually almost happy. Me, Ari, almost happy. Your smile is back. Thats what Dante said. Smiles are like that. They come and go. My arm was sore. The physical therapist gave me some exercises. Look at me, I can move my arm. Look at me. I woke up one day, made my way to the bathroom and stared at myself in the mirror. Who are you? I made my way to the kitchen. My mom was there, drinking a cup of coffee and looking over her lesson plans for the new school year. Planning for the future, Mom? I like to be prepared. I sat myself down across from her. You're a good girl scout. You hate that about me, dont you? Why do you say that? You hated that whole thing, that whole scout thing. Dad made me go. You ready to go back to school? I held up my crutches. Yeah, I get to wear shorts every day. She poured me a cup of coffee and combed my hair with her fingers. You want a haircut? No. I like it. She smiled. I like it too. We drank coffee together, me and my mom. We didnt talk a lot. Mostly I watched her look through her folders. The morning light always came through the kitchen. And just then, she looked young. I thought she was really beautiful. She was beautiful. I envied her. She had always known exactly who she was. I wanted to ask her, Mom, when will I know who I am? But I didnt. Me and my crutches walked back into my room and took out my journal. Id been avoiding writing in it. I think I was afraid all my anger would spill out on the pages. And I just didnt want to look at all that rage. It was a different kind of pain. A pain I couldnt stand. I tried not to think. I just started writing - School starts in five days. Junior year. Guess I'll have to go to school on crutches. Everyone will notice me. Shit. - I see myself driving down a desert road in a pickup, no one else around. Im listening to Los Lobos. I see myself lying on the bed of the pickup truck, staring up at all the stars. No light pollution. - Physical therapy will be coming up soon. Doctor says swimming will be very good. Swimming will make me think of Dante. Shit. - When Im well enough, I'm going to start lifting weights. Dad has his old weights in the basement. - Dantes leaving in a week. Im glad. I need a break from him. Im sick of him coming over every day just because he feels bad. I dont know if we will ever be friends again. -I want a dog. I want to walk him every day. - Walking every day! I am in love with that thought. - I dont know who I am. - What I really want for my birthday for someone to talk about my brother. I want to see his picture on one of the walls of our house. - Somehow Id hoped that this would be the summer that I would discover that I was alive. The world my mom and dad said was out there waiting for me. That world doesnt actually exist. Dante came over that evening. We sat on the steps of the front porch. He stretched out his arm, the one that had been broken in the accident. I stretched out my arm, the one that had been broken in the accident. All better, he said. We both smiled. When something gets broken, it can be fixed. He stretched out his arm again. Good as new. Maybe not good as new, I said. But good anyway. His face had healed. In the evening light, he was perfect again. I went swimming today, he said. How was it? I love swimming. I know, I said. I love swimming, he said again. He was quiet for a little while. And then he said, I love swimmingand you. I didnt say anything. Swimming and you, Ari. Those are the things I love the most. You shouldnt say that, I said. Its true. I didnt say it wasnt true. I just said you shouldn't say it. Why not? Dante, I dont You dont have to say anything. I know that were different. Were not the same. No, were not the same. I knew what he was saying and I wished to God he was someone else, someone who didnt have to say things out loud. I just kept nodding. Do you hate me? I dont know what happened just then. Since the accident, Id been mad at everyone, hated everyone, hated Dante, hated Mom and Dad, hated myself. Everyone. But right then, I knew I didnt really hate everyone. Not really. I didnt hate Dante at all. I didnt know how to be his friend. I didnt know how to be anybodys friend. But that didnt mean I hated him. No, I said. I dont hate you, Dante. We just sat there, not saying anything. Will we be friends? When I come back from Chicago? Yes, I said. Really? Yes. Do you promise? I looked into his perfect face. I promise. He smiled. He wasnt crying. Leven DANTE AND HIS PARENTS CAME OVER TO OUR HOUSE the day before they left for Chicago. Our moms cooked together. It didnt surprise me they got along so well. They were alike in some ways. It did surprise me how well Mr. Quintana and my dad got along. They sat in the living room and drank beer and talked about politics. I mean, I guess they more or less agreed about things. Dante and I hung out on the front porch. For some reason, we were both into front porches. We weren't really talking very much. I think we didnt really know what to say to each other. And then I got this idea into my head. I was playing with my crutches. Your sketch pad is under my bed. Will you go get it for me? Dante hesitated. But then he nodded. He disappeared into the house and I waited. When he came back, he handed me the sketchbook. I have a confession to make, I said. What? I havent looked at it. He didnt say anything. Can we look at it together? I said. He didnt say anything, so I just opened up the sketchbook. The first sketch was a self-portrait. He was reading a book. The second sketch was of his father who was also reading a book. And then there was another self-portrait. Just his own face. You look sad in this one. Maybe I was sad that day. Are you sad now? He didnt answer the question. I flipped the page and stared at a sketch of me. I didnt say anything. There were five or six sketches hed done of me the day hed come over. I studied them carefully. There was nothing careless about his sketches. Nothing careless at all. They were exact and deliberate and full of all the things he felt. And yet they seemed to be so spontaneous. Dante didnt say a word as I looked over his sketches. Theyre honest, I said. Honest? Honest and true. Youre going to be a great artist someday. Someday, he said. Listen, you dont have to keep the sketchbook. You gave it to me. Its mine. Thats all we said. Then we just sat there. We didnt really say good-bye that night. Not really. Mr. Quintana kissed me on the cheek. That was his thing. Mrs. Quintana placed her hand on my chin and lifted my head up. She looked into my eyes as if she wanted to remind me of what shed said to me in the hospital. Dante hugged me. I hugged him back. See you in a few months, he said. Yeah, I said. Tll write, he said. I knew he would. I wasnt so sure Id write back. Me and my mom and dad sat out on the front porch after theyd left. It started to rain and we just sat. Sat and watched the rain in silence. I kept seeing Dante standing in the rain holding a bird with a broken wing. I couldnt tell if he was smiling or not. What if hed lost his smile? I bit my lip so I wouldnt cry. I love the rain, my mother whispered. I love it too. I love it too. I felt like I was the saddest boy in the universe. Summer had come and gone. Summer had come and gone. And the world was ending. Letters on a flage There are some words I'll never learn to spell. Cee FIRST DAY OF SCHOOL, AUSTIN HIGH SCHOOL, 1987. What happened to you, Ari? I had a one-word answer to that question. Accident. Gina Navarro accosted me during lunch and said, Accident? Yup, I said. Thats no answer. Gina Navarro. Somehow she felt entitled to hound me because shed known me since first grade. If theres one thing I knew about Gina it was that she didnt like simple answers. Life is complicated. That was her motto. What to say? What to say? So I didnt say anything. I just looked at her. You're never going to change, are you, Ari? Change is overrated. Not that you'd know. Yeah, not that Id know. Im not sure if I like you, Ari. Im not sure if I like you either, Gina. Well, not all relationships are based on like. Guess not. Listen, Im the closest thing youve ever had to a long-term relationship. Youre depressing the hell out of me, Gina. Dont blame me for your melancholy. Melancholy? Look it up. Your sad sack moods are nobodys fault but yours. Just look at yourself why dont you? Youre a mess. Im a mess? Take a hike, Gina. Leave me alone. Thats your problem. Too much alone. Too much Ari Time. Talk. Dont want to. I knew she wasnt going to let this go. Look, so just tell me what happened. I already told you. It was an accident. What kind of accident? Its complicated. Youre mocking me. You noticed. You're a shit. Sure I am. Sure you are. You're bugging the crap out of me. You should thank me. At least Im talking to you. Youre the most unpopular guy in the whole school. I pointed at Charlie Escobedo who was walking out of the cafeteria. No, thats the most unpopular guy in the whole school. Im not even a close second. Just then Susie Byrd was walking by. She sat right next to Gina. She stared at my crutches. What happened? Accident. Accident? Thats what he claims. What kind of accident? He wont say. I guess the two of you dont really need me for this conversation, do you? Gina was getting mad. The last time Id seen that look on her face, shed thrown a rock at me. Tell us, she said. Okay, I said. It was after a rainstorm. Remember the afternoon it hailed? They both nodded. That was the day. Well, there was a guy standing in the middle of the road and a car was coming. And I took a dive and shoved him out of the way. I saved his life. The car ran over my legs. And thats the whole story. You're so full of shit, Gina said. Its true, I said. You expect me to believe that youre some kind of hero? Are you going to throw a rock at me again? You really are full of shit. Susie said. Who was he, the guy you supposedly saved? I dont know. Some guy. What was his name? I waited for a little while before I answered. I think his name was Dante. Dante? That was his name? Like we believe you? Gina and Susie gave each other the look This guy is fucking unbelievable. That look. They both got up from the table and walked away. I was smiling the rest of the day. Sometimes, all you have to do is tell people the truth. They wont believe you. After that, theyll leave you alone. ao MY LAST CLASS OF THE DAY WAS ENGLISH WITH MR. Blocker. Brand-new teacher, fresh out of education school, all smiles and enthusiasm. He still thought high school students were nice. He didnt know any better. Dante would have loved him. He wanted to get to know us. Of course, he did. New teachers, I always felt sorry for them. They tried too hard. It embarrassed me. The first thing Mr. Blocker did was to ask us to talk about one interesting thing that happened to us during the summer. I always hated this icebreaker bullshit. I made up my mind to ask my mother about teachers and icebreaking exercises. Gina Navarro, Susie Byrd, and Charlie Escobedo were in the same class. I didnt like that. Those three, they were always asking me lots of questions. Questions I didnt want to answer. They wanted to get to know me. Yeah, well, I wasnt interested in being known. I wanted to buy a T-shirt that read I AM UNKNOWABLE. But that would have only made Gina Navarro ask more questions. So there I was, stuck in a class with Gina, Susie, and Charlieand a new teacher who liked to ask questions. I sort of halfway listened in on everybodys ideas of what constituted interesting. Johnny Alvarez said hed learned to drive. Felipe Caldern said hed gone to LA to see his cousin. Susie Byrd said shed gone to Girls State in Austin. Carlos Gallinar claimed to have lost his virginity. Everyone laughed. Who was she? Who was she? Mr. Blocker had to put down a few rules after that. I decided to just check out. I was an excellent daydreamer. I got to thinking about the truck I hoped Id be getting on my birthday. I was picturing myself driving down a dirt road, clouds in the blue sky, U2 playing in the background. Thats when I heard Mr. Blockers voice aimed in my direction. Mr. Mendoza? At least he said my name right. I looked up at Mr. Blocker. Are you with us? Yes, sir, I said. Then I hear Ginas voice yelling out Nothing interesting ever happens to him. Everyone laughed. Thats true, I said. I thought maybe Mr. Blocker would move on to someone else, but he didnt. He just waited for me to say something. One interesting thing, huh? Ginas right, I said. Nothing really interesting happened to me this summer. Nothing? Getting my legs broken in an accident. I guess that counts as interesting. I nodded, but I felt really uncomfortable, so I decided to be a wiseass like everyone else. Oh, I said, Id never tried morphine before. That was interesting. Everybody laughed. Especially Charlie Escobedo, who had committed his life to experimenting with mood- altering substances. Mr. Blocker smiled. You must have been in some serious pain. Yeah, I said. Are you going to be okay, Ari? Yes. I hated this conversation. Does it still hurt? No, I said. It was a small lie. The real answer was longer and more complicated. Gina Navarro was right. Life was complicated. Yue  PICKED UP MY JOURNAL AND THUMBED THROUGH it. I studied my handwriting. I had lousy handwriting. Nobody could read it but me. That was the good news. Not that anybody would want to read it. I decided to write something. This is what I wrote I learned how to swim this summer. No, thats not true. Someone taught me. Dante. I tore out the page. ee YOU DO ICEBREAKERS WITH YOUR STUDENTS ON the first day of school? Sure. Why? I like to get to know my students. What for? Because Im a teacher. You get paid to teach government. The first, second, and third amendments to the Constitution. Stuff like that. Why dont you just dive right in? I teach students. Students are people, Ari. We're not that interesting. Youre more interesting than you think. We're difficult. Thats part of your charm. She had an interesting look on her face. recognized that look. My mom, she sometimes resided in the space between irony and sincerity. That was part of her charm.  Seve THE SECOND DAY OF SCHOOL. NORMAL. EXCEPT THAT after school as I waited for my mom, this girl, Ileana, came up to me. She took out a marker and wrote her name on one of my casts. She looked into my eyes. I wanted to look away. But I didnt. Her eyes were like the night sky in the desert. It felt like there was a whole world living inside her. I didnt know anything about that world. Se A 1957 CHEVY PICKUP. CHERRY RED WITH CHROME fenders, chrome hubcaps, and whitewall tires. It was the most beautiful truck in the world. And it was mine. I remember looking into my dads dark eyes and whispering, Thank you. I felt stupid and inadequate and I hugged him. Lame. But I meant it, the thank you and the hug. I meant it. A real truck. A real truck for Ari. What I didnt get a picture of my brother on one of the walls of our house. You cant have everything. I sat in the truck and had to force myself to rejoin the party. I hated partieseven the ones thrown in my honor. Right then, I would have liked to take the truck out onto the open road, my brother sitting next to me. And Dante too. My brother and Dante. That would have been enough of a party for me. I guess I did miss Danteeven though I tried hard to not think about him. The problem with trying hard not to think about something was that you thought about it even more. Dante. For some reason  thought of Ileana. Clever EVERY DAY,  GOT UP REALLY EARLY AND HOBBLED over to my truck that was sitting in the garage. I backed it up into the driveway. There was a whole universe waiting to be discovered in a pickup truck. Sitting in the drivers seat made everything seem possible. It was strange to feel those moments of optimism. Strange and beautiful. Turning on the radio and just sitting there was my version of praying. My mom came out one morning and took a picture of me. Where are you going to go? she asked. To school, I said. No, she said. Thats not what I meant. The first time you get to drive that thing, where are you going to take it? The desert, I said. I didnt tell her I wanted to go out and look at all the stars. By yourself? Yup. I said. I knew she wanted to ask me if I was making any new friends at school. But she didnt. And then her eyes fell on my cast. Whos Ileana? Some girl. Is she pretty? Too pretty for me, Mom. Silly boy. Yeah, silly boy. That night I had a bad dream. I was driving down a street in my pickup. Ileana was sitting right next to me. I looked over and smiled at her. I didnt see him, Dante, standing in the middle of the road. I couldnt stop. I couldnt stop. When I woke up, I was drenched in sweat. In the morning, as I sat in my truck and drank a cup of coffee, my mom came out of the house. She sat on the steps of the porch. She patted the step next to her. She watched me as I awkwardly got down from my truck. Shed stopped hovering. I made my way toward her and sat next to her on the front steps. Casts come off next week, she said. I smiled. Yeah. Then therapy, she said. Then driving lessons, I said. Your fathers looking forward to teaching you. You lost the coin toss? She laughed. Be patient with him, okay? Not a problem, Mom. I knew that she wanted to talk to me about something. I could always tell. You miss Dante? I looked at her. I dont know. How can you not know? Well, look, Mom, its, well, Dante, hes like you. I mean, he hovers sometimes. She didnt say anything. I like being alone, Mom. I know you dont get that about me, but I do. She nodded and it seemed like she was really listening. You were screaming his name last night, she said. Oh, I said. It was just a dream. Bad? Yeah. You want to talk about it? Not really. She gave me that nudge, the cmon humor your mom nudge. Mom? Do you ever have bad dreams? Not often. Not like me and Dad. You and your father, youre fighting your own private wars. Maybe so. I hate my dreams. I could feel my mom listening to me. She was always there. I hated her for that. And loved her. I was driving my truck and it was raining. I didnt see him standing in the middle of the road. I couldnt stop. I couldnt. Dante? Yeah. She squeezed my arm. Mom, sometimes I wished I smoked. Tll take the truck away. Well, at least I know whats going to happen to me when  break the rules. Do you think Im mean? I think you're strict. Too strict sometimes. Im sorry. No you're not. I clutched at my crutches. Someday, Im going to have to break some of your rules, Mom. I know, she said. Try to do it behind my back, will you? You can bet on that, Mom. We both sat there and laughed. Like Dante and I used to do. Im sorry about your bad dreams, Ari. Did Dad hear? Yes. Tm sorry. You cant help what you dream. I know. I didnt mean to run over him. You didnt. It was just a dream. I didnt tell her that I hadnt been paying attention. Id been looking at a girl when I should have been driving. And thats why I ran over Dante. I didnt tell her that. TWO LETTERS FROM DANTE IN ONE DAY. THEY WERE on my bed when I got home from school. I hated that my mom knew about the letters. Stupid. Why was that? Privacy. That was it. A guy had no privacy. Dear Ari, Okay, I really am sort of in love with Chicago. I ride the El sometimes and make up stories in my head about the people. There are more black people here than in El Paso. And I like that. There are lots of Irish types and Eastern Europeans, and, of course, there are Mexicans. Mexicans are everywhere. Were like sparrows. You know, I still dont really know if Im a Mexican. I dont think Iam. What am I, Ari? I AM NOT ALLOWED TO RIDE THE EL AT NIGHT I REPEAT I AM NOT ALLOWED. My mom and dad always think that something bad is going to happen to me. I dont know if they were like this before the accident. So I tell my dad, Dad, a car cant run over my ass on an El train. My dad, who is pretty cool about most things just gave me this look. No riding the El at night. My dad likes his gig here. He only has to teach one class and prepare for a lecture on some topic. I think hes writing about the long poem after modernism or something like that. Im sure my mom and I will attend the lecture. I love my dad but Im not into all this academic stuff. Too much analysis. What ever happened to reading a book because you liked it? My mom is taking the opportunity to write a book about addictions and young people. Most of her clients are teenage addicts. Not that she really talks about her work all that much. She spends a lot of time in the library these days and I think shes really enjoying herself. My parents, they're both eggheads. I like that about them. I have some friends. Theyre okay. Different, I guess. You know, the group of people I got interested in are all goth types. I went to a party and had my first beer. Well, three beers really. I got a little bit high. Not too high, but a little bit. I cant decide if I like beer or not. Im thinking that when I get older, I'm going to be a wine drinker. I dont mean the cheap stuff either. I dont think Im a snob. But my mom says I suffer from only-child syndrome. She made that up, I think. And whos fault is that, anyway? Who's stopping them from having another kid? At the party, I got offered a joint. I took a hit or two. Okay, I dont really want to talk about that. My mom would kill me if she knew I was experimenting with mood-altering substances. Beer and pot. Not so bad. But my mom would have a different opinion about that. Shes talked to me about what she calls gateway drugs. My eyes glaze over when she gives me the drug talk and she gives me one of her looks. The pot thing and the beer thing, it was just one of those things that happens at a party. Not such a big deal when you think about it. Not that Im going to have this discussion with my mom. My dad, either. Have you drunk a beer? Done pot? Let me know. I heard my mom and dad talking. Theyve already decided that if my dad gets a job offer here, hes going to turn it down. Its not a good place for Dante. Theyve already decided that. Of course, they dont ask me. Of course not. What about a little input from Dante himself? Dante likes to speak for himself. Yes, he does. I don't want my parents organizing their world around me. Im going to disappoint them someday. And then what? The truth is, Ari, I miss El Paso. When we first moved there, I hated it. But now I think about El Paso all the time. And I think of you. Always, Dante PS. I go swimming almost every day after school. I cut my hair. Its really short. But short hair is good for swimming. Long hair sucks when you swim every day. Dont know why I ever had it long. Dear Ari, Everyone has parties around here. My dad thinks its great that I get invited. My mom, well, its hard to guess what she thinks. I can tell she has her eyes open. She told me my clothes smelled like cigarettes after the last party. Some people smoke, I said. Can't help that. I got the look. So Friday night, I went to this party. And, of course, there was alcohol. I had a beer and have now decided that beer is not for me. I did like the vodka and orange juice. Ari, there _were_so many _people there. Amazing. We were like roaches! You couldn't move without bumping into someone. So, I just walked around talking to people and I was having a good time. Somehow, I found myself talking to this girl. Her name is Emma and shes smart and nice and beautiful. We were in the kitchen talking and she said she loved my name. And all of a sudden, she leans into me and kisses me. I guess you could say I kissed her back. She tasted like mint and cigarettes and it was, well, Ari, it was nice. We kissed a long time. I smoked a cigarette with her and we kissed some more. She liked touching my face. She told me I was beautiful. No one has ever told me I was beautiful. Moms and dads do not count. And then we went outside. She smoked another cigarette. She asked me if I wanted one. I told her one was enough because I was a swimmer. Im still thinking about that kiss. She gave me her number. I'm not sure about all this. Your friend, Dante Mine  TRIED TO PICTURE DANTE WITH SHORT HAIR.  TRIED to imagine him kissing a girl. Dante was complicated. Gina would have liked Dante. Not that I was ever going to introduce them. I lay in bed and thought about writing back to him. Instead, I sat down to write in my journal. What would it be like to kiss a girl? Specifically, Ileana. She wouldn't taste like cigarettes. What does a girl taste like when you kiss her? I stopped writing and tried to think of something else. I thought about the stupid essay on the Great Depression that I didnt want to write. I thought about Charlie Escobedo who wanted me to do drugs with him. I started to think about Dante kissing a girl again and then I thought about Ileana. Maybe she would taste like cigarettes. Maybe she smoked. I didnt know a damn thing about her. I sat up on my bed. No, no, no. No thinking about kissing. And then I dont know why, but I felt sad. And then I started thinking about my brother. Every time I felt sad, I thought about him. Maybe deep down a part of me was always thinking about him. Sometimes, I caught myself spelling out his name. B-E-R-N-A-R-D-O. What was my brain doing, spelling out his name without my permission? I sometimes think that I dont let myself know what Im really thinking about. That doesnt make much sense but it makes sense to me. I have this idea that the reason we have dreams is that were thinking about things that we dont know were thinking aboutand those things, well, they sneak out of us in our dreams. Maybe were like tires with too much air in them. The air has to leak out. Thats what dreams are. And now that I think about it, Id had a dream about my brother. I was four and he was fifteen and we were taking a walk. He was holding my hand and I was looking up at him. I was happy. It was a beautiful dream. The sky was blue and clear and pure. Maybe the dream came from a memory. Dreams dont come from nowhere. Thats a fact. I think maybe I want to study dreams when Im old enough to actually choose what I want to study. I sure as hell dont want to study Alexander Hamilton. Yeah, maybe Ill study dreams and where they come from. Freud. Maybe thats what I'll do Illl write a paper on Sigmund Freud. That way, Ill get a head start. And maybe I'll help people out who have bad dreams. So they won't have them anymore. I think Id like to do that. eae I'VE DECIDED THAT I'M GOING TO FIND A WAY TO KISS Ileana Tellez. But when? Where? Shes not in any of my classes. I hardly see her. Find her locker. Thats the plan. Leven ON THE WAY BACK FROM THE DOCTOR'S OFFICE, MY mom asked me if Id written back to Dante. Not yet. I think you should write to him. Mom, Im your son, not a suggestion box. She shot me a look. Keep your eyes on the road, I said. When I got back home, I took out my journal and this is what I wrote If dreams dont come from nowhere, then what does it mean that I ran over Dante in my dream? What does it mean that I had that dream again? Both times I was staring at Ileana when I ran over Dante. Okay, this is not good. The air is leaking out. I dont want to think about this. I can either think about the dreams I have about my brother or I can think about the dreams I have about Dante. Those are my choices? I think I should get a life. Yuelve WHEN  THINK ABOUT THE DREAM ABOUT MY BROTHER, I think about the fact that the last time I saw him was when I was four. So there is a direct connection between the dream and my life. I suppose thats when it all happened. I was four and he was fifteen. Thats when he did whatever he did. So now hes in jail. Not jail. Prison. Theres a difference. My uncle, he gets drunk sometimes and winds up in jail. That really upsets my mom. But he gets out quick because he doesnt drive when he drinkshe just winds up in stupid places and he gets a little belligerent with people. If the word belligerent hadnt been invented, it would have been invented for my uncle when he drinks. But someone always bails him out. In prison, theres no such thing as bailing someone out. You dont get out quick. Prison is a place you get put away for a long time. So thats where my brother is. Prison. I dont know if hes in a federal prison or a state prison. I dont know why a guy gets sent to one or the other. Its not something they teach us at school. I am going to find out why my brother is in prison. Its a research project. Ive thought about it. Ive thought and thought about it. Newspapers. Dont they save old newspapers somewhere? If Dante were here, he could help me. Hes smart. Hed know exactly what to do. I dont need Dante. I can do this on my own. Yherteen DEAR ARI, I hope you got my letters. Okay, thats a disingenuous start. Of course you got my letters. Im not going to analyze why you haven't written back. Okay, thats not totally true. I have analyzed why theres no letter waiting for me when I get back from swimming. I won't waste good paper on theories that I come up with when I cant sleep at night. This is the deal, Ari, Im not going to get on your case about writing back. I promise. If I want to write you, then Ill write to you. And if you dont want to write to me, you dont have to. You have to be who you are. And I have to be who I am. Thats the way it is. And anyway, I usually did most of the talking. I have another favorite thing to do besides riding the El going to the Art Institute of Chicago. Wow, Ari. You should see the art in that place. Its amazing. I wish you were here and we could see all this art together. Youd go nuts. I swear you would. All kinds of art, contemporary and not-so-contemporary and, well, I could go and on, but I wont. Do you like Andy Warhol? There is a famous painting, Nighthawks, by Edward Hopper. I am in love with that painting. Sometimes, I think everyone is like the people in that painting, everyone lost in their own private universes of pain or sorrow or guilt, everyone remote and unknowable. The painting reminds me of you. It breaks my heart. But Nighthawks isnt my favorite painting. Not by a long shot. Did I ever tell you what my favorite painting is? Its The Raft of the Medusa by Gricault. Theres a whole story behind that painting. Its based on a true story about a shipwreck and it made Gricault famous. See the thing about artists is that they tell stories. I mean, some paintings are like novels. Someday, Im going to travel to Paris and go to the Louvre and stare at that painting all day long. Ive done the math and I know that by now your casts are off. I know you said that the rule was that we couldnt talk about the accident. Im going to say this, Ari. Thats an incredibly inane rule. No reasonable person could be expected to keep that rulenot that I qualify as a reasonable person. So, I hope that your therapy is going well and that you're normal again. Not that you're normal. You are definitely not normal. I miss you. Can I say that? Or is there a rule? You know, its interesting that you have so many rules for things. Why is that, Ari? I suppose everyone has rules for things. Maybe we get that from our parents. Parents are rule givers. Maybe they gave us too many rules, Ari. Did you ever think about that? I think we need to do something about rules. Im not going to tell you that I miss you anymore. Your friend, Dante Sourteen  FOUND ILEANAS LOCKER WITH THE HELP OF SUSIE Byrd. Dont tell Gina about this. I won't, she said. I promise. She promptly broke her promise. Shes trouble, Gina said. Yeah, and shes eighteen, Susie said. So? You're just a boy. Shes a woman. Trouble, Gina repeated. I left Ileana a note. Hi, it said. I signed my name. Im such a jerk. Hi. Whats that? Sifter  SPENT THE EVENING AT THE PUBLIC LIBRARY LOOKING at microfilms of the El Paso Times. I was looking for an article on my brother. But I didnt even know if I had the right year and I gave up after about an hour and a half. There had to be a better way of doing this kind of research. I thought of writing Dante a letter. Instead, I found an art book on the work of Edward Hopper. Dante was right about Nighthawks. It was a great painting. And it was true, what Hopper was saying. I felt as if I were looking in a mirror. But it didnt break my heart. DO YOU KNOW WHAT DEAD SKIN LOOKS LIKE WHEN they take off a cast? That was my life, all that dead skin. It was strange to feel like the Ari I used to be. Except that wasnt totally true. The Ari I used to be didnt exist anymore. And the Ari I was becoming? He didnt exist yet. I came home and took a walk. I found myself staring at the spot where Id seen Dante holding the bird. I dont know why I was there. I found myself walking in front of Dantes house. There was a dog across the street at the park staring at me. I stared back. He plopped himself on the grass. I walked across the street and the dog didnt move. He just wagged his tail. That made me smile. I sat down on the grass next to him and took off my shoes. The dog scooted himself up to me and put his head on my lap. I just sat there and petted him. I noticed he didnt have a collar. After studying him some more, I discovered that he was a she. Whats your name? People talk to dogs. Not that they understand. But maybe they understand enough. I thought of Dantes last letter. Id had to look up the word inane. I got up and walked to the library, which was at the edge of the park. I found an art book that had a picture of the Raft of the Medusa. I went home Ari, the boy who could walk again without the help of crutches. I wanted to tell Dante that his math had been a little off. I got them off today, Dante. Today. On my walk home, I thought about the accident and Dante and my brother and I wondered if he knew how to swim. I thought about my dad and how he never talked about Vietnam. Even though he had a picture with some of his war buddies hanging on the living room wall, he never talked about that picture or the names of his friends.  asked him once and it was as if he hadnt heard the question. I never asked again. Maybe the problem between me and my father was that we were both the same. When I got home, I noticed the dog had followed me. I sat on the steps of the front porch and she laid down on the sidewalk looking up at me. My dad came out. Getting your legs back? Yeah, I said. He looked at the dog. She followed me home from the park. Are you interested in him? Its a she. We were both smiling. And yeah, I said. Im very interested. Remember Charlie? Yeah. I loved that dog. Me too. I cried when she died. Me too, Ari. We looked at each other. Seems like a nice dog. No collar? No collar, Dad. Beautiful. Beautiful, Ari. He laughed. Your mother doesnt like dogs in the house. Ceventeen DEAR DANTE, Sorry I haven't written. I really am. I can walk like normal now. Just so you wont feel guilty anymore, okay? The x-rays look good. Ive healed, Dante. The doctor says a lot of things could have gone wrong, beginning with the surgery. But, as it happens, nothing went wrong. Imagine, Dante, nothing going wrong. Okay, Ive broken my own rule so thats enough about that particular topic. I have a new dog! Her name is Legs because I found her the day I got my legs back. She followed me home from the park. My dad and I bathed her in the backyard. She's really a great dog. She just stood there and let us bathe her. Really tame and mellow dog. I dont know exactly what kind she is. The vets best guess was that shes part pit bull, part Labrador and part God-knows-what- else. Shes white, medium-sized, and has brown circles around her eyes. Really good-looking dog. My mom's only response was The dog stays in the yard. That rule didnt last. At night, I let the dog into my bedroom. The dog sleeps at my feet. On the bed. Mom hates that. She gave in pretty easily though. Well, at least you have a friend, she said. My mom doesnt think I have any friends. Thats sort of true. But Im not good at making friends. Im okay with that. Not much to report other than the dog. No, wait, guess what? I got a 1957 Chevy pickup for my birthday! Lots of chrome. I love the truck. A real Mexican truck, Dante! All I need are hydraulics to bounce around in. Like thats going to happen. Hydraulics. My mom just looked at me. Who's going to pay for it? I'll get a job, I said. Dad gave me my first driving lesson. We went out on some deserted farm road in the upper valley. I did pretty well. I have to get the gear thing down. Im not very smooth about shifting and I killed the truck a couple of times trying to shift into second. Its all timing. Push in the clutch, shift, gas, clutch, shift, gas, drive. Someday soon Im going to learn to do all of those things in one smooth motion. It will be like walking. I wont even have to think about it. After the first lesson, we parked the truck and my dad smoked a cigarette. He smokes sometimes. But never in the house. Sometimes, he smokes in the backyard, but not very often. I asked him if he was ever going to quit. It helps with the dreams. I know his dreams are about the war. I sometimes try to picture him in the jungles of Vietnam. I never ask him anything about the war. I guess its something he has to keep to himself. Maybe its a terrible thing, to keep a war to yourself. But maybe thats the way it has to be. So, instead of asking him about the war, I asked him if he ever dreamed about Bernardo. My brother. Sometimes. Thats all he said. He drove my truck back home and didnt say another word. I think I upset him by bringing up my brother. I dont want to upset him, but I do. I always upset him. And other people too. I guess thats what I do. And I upset you too. I know that. And Im sorry. Im doing the best I can, okay? So if I dont write as many letters as you do, dont be upset. Im not doing it to upset you, okay? This is my problem. I want other people to tell me how they feel. But Im not so sure I want to return the favor. I think I'll go sit in my truck and think about that. Ari kegliteen THIS IS THE LIST OF WHAT MY LIFE IS NOW -studying to get my drivers license and studying hard to get into college. This makes my mom happy. lifting weights in the basement. -running with Legs, who is not only a great dog, but also a great runner. -reading Dantes letters sometimes I get two a week. -arguing with Gina Navarro and Susie Byrd about anything. -trying to find ways of running into Ileana at school. -looking through microfilms of the El Paso Times at the library trying to find out something about my brother. -writing in my journal. -washing my truck once a week. -having bad dreams. I keep running Dante down on that rainy street. -working twenty hours at the Charcoaler. Flipping burgers isnt so bad. Four hours on Thursday after school, six hours on Friday nights and eight hours on Saturday. Dad wont let me cover extra shifts. That list just about covered all my life. Maybe my life isnt all that interesting but at least Im busy. Busy doesnt mean happy. I know that. But at least Im not bored. Being bored is the worst. I like having money and I like the fact that Im not dedicating too much time to feeling sorry for myself. I get invited to parties and dont go. Well, I did go to one partyjust to see if Ileana was there. I left the party just as Gina and Susie were arriving. Gina accused me of being a misanthrope. She said I was the only boy in the whole damn school who had never kissed a girl. And you'll never kiss one if you leave parties just as theyre starting to get good. Really? I said. Ive never kissed a girl? And how exactly did you come by this bit of information? Just a hunch, she said. You're trying to get me to tell you things about my life, I said. Its not going to work. Who have you kissed? Put a lid on it, Gina. Ileana? I dont think so. Shes just toying with you. I just kept walking and flipped her a bird. Gina, what was with that girl? Seven sisters and no brothersthat was her problem. I guess she thought she could just borrow me.  could be the brother she could bug. She and Susie Byrd used to go by the Charcoaler on Friday nights around closing time. Just to keep bugging me. Just to piss me off. Theyd order their burgers and fries and cherry Cokes and park and honk and wait for me to close up and just bug, bug, bug me and piss me off. Gina was learning to smoke and shed flash her cigarettes around like she was Madonna. One time, they had beer. They offered me some. Okay, I had some beers with them. It was fine. It was okay. Except Gina kept asking me who I'd kissed. But then I got an idea that would make her just stop hounding me. You know what I think, I said. I think you want me to lean into you and give you the kiss of your life. Thats disgusting, she said. Why the interest, then? I said. You'd love to know what I taste like. You're an idiot, she said. Id rather have a bird crap in my mouth. Sure you would, I said. Susie Byrd said I was being mean. That Susie Byrd, you always had to be nice around her. If you said the wrong thing, she cried. I didnt like that crying stuff. She was a nice girl. But she didnt help herself out with all that crying. Gina never brought up the subject of kissing ever again. That was the good thing. Ileana would find me sometimes. She would smile at me and I was falling a little bit in love with her smile. Not that I knew a damn thing about love. School was okay. Mr. Blocker was still all about the sharing thing. But he was a good teacher. He made us write a lot. I liked that. For some reason, I was really getting into writing. The only class that I was having a hard time with was my art elective. I couldnt draw worth a damn. I was pretty good at trees. I sucked at drawing faces. But in art class, all you had to do was try. I was getting an A for work. But not for talent. The story of my life. I knew I didnt have it so bad. I had a dog, a drivers license, and two hobbies looking for my brothers name on microfilm and looking for a way to kiss Ileana. Nineteen MY DAD AND  GOT INTO A ROUTINE. WED GET UP really early on Saturdays and Sundays for my driving lessons. I thoughtI dont know what I thought. I guess I thought that maybe my dad and I would talk about stuff. But we didnt. We talked about driving. It was all business. It was all about the learning-to-drive thing. Dad was patient with me. He could explain things about driving a truck and his philosophy of paying attention and watching out for the other guy. He was actually a really good teacher, never got upset except the time I brought up my brother. He said something once that really made me smile. You cant expect to go both ways when you're driving on a one-way street. I thought that was a funny and interesting thing to say. I laughed when he said it. He hardly ever made me laugh. But he never asked me any questions about my life. Unlike my mom, he left me to my private world. My dad and I, we were like that Edward Hopper painting. Well almostbut not exactly. I noticed that somehow my dad seemed more relaxed with himself when he and I were out on those mornings. He seemed so at ease with himself, like he was at home. Even though he didnt talk much, he didnt seem as remote. That was nice. He sometimes whistled, like he was happy to be with me. Maybe my dad just didnt need words to get by in the world. I wasnt like that. Well, I was like that on the outside, pretending not to need words. But I wasnt like that on the inside. Id figured something out about myself on the inside, I wasnt like my dad at all. On the inside I was more like Dante. That really scared me. ey  HAD TO TAKE MY MOM OUT FOR A DRIVE BEFORE shed let me go out on my own. You drive a little fast, she said. Im sixteen, I said. And Im a boy. She didnt say anything. But then she said, If I even suspect that you've taken one sip of alcohol and driven this truck, Im going to sell it. For some reason that made me smile. Thats not fair. Why should I have to pay for the fact that you have a suspicious mind? Like thats my fault. She just looked at me. Fascists are like that. We both smiled at each other. No drinking and driving. What about drinking and walking? None of that either. I guess I knew that. Just making sure. Im not afraid of you, Mom. Just so you know. That made her laugh. So my life was more or less uncomplicated. I got letters from Dante and I didnt always write back. When I did write back, my letters were short. His letters were never short. He was still experimenting with kissing girls even though he said hed rather be kissing boys. Thats exactly what he said. I didnt know exactly what to think about that, but Dante was going to be Dante and if I was going to be his friend, I would just have to learn to be okay with it. And, because he was in Chicago and I was in El Paso, it was easy to be okay with it. Dantes life was way more complicated than mine at least when it came to kissing boys or girls. On the other hand, he didnt have to wonder about a brother who was in prison, a brother his parents pretended didnt exist. I think I was trying to make my life uncomplicated because everything inside me felt so confusing. And I had the bad dreams to prove it. One night I dreamed I didnt have any legs. They were just gone. And I couldnt get out of bed. I woke up screaming. My dad came into the room and whispered, Its just a dream, Ari. Just a bad dream. Yeah, I whispered. Just a bad dream. But you know, I was used to them in a way, the bad dreams. But why was it that some people never remembered their dreams? And why wasnt I one of those people? Wenety Cae DEAR DANTE, I got my license! I took my mom and dad for a drive. I drove them to Mesilla, New Mexico. We ate lunch. I drove them back home and I think they more or less approved of my driving. But the best part was this. I went out at night and drove into the desert and parked. I listened to the radio and lay down in the back of my pickup and looked out at all the stars. No light pollution, Dante. It was really beautiful. Wael Talo ONE NIGHT, MY PARENTS WENT OUT TO SOME WEDDING dance. Mexicans. They loved wedding dances. They wanted to drag me out with them but I said no thanks. Watching my parents dance to Tex- Mex music was my idea of hell. I told them I was tired from flipping burgers all day and that I was just going to stay home and relax. Well, if you feel like going out, my dad said, just leave a note. I had no plans. I made myself comfortable and was about to make myself a quesadilla when Charlie Escobedo came knocking on my door and asked me, Sup? And I said Not much. Im making a quesadilla. And he said Cool. I was not about to ask him if he wanted me to make him one even if the guy looked hungry as hell. But that was his look. He had this hungry way about him. He was the skinny type. Always looked like a coyote in the middle of a drought. I knew about coyotes. I was way into coyotes. So we sort of looked at each other and I said You hungry? I couldnt believe I said that. And then he said Nah. And then he said You ever shoot up? And I said Nope. And he said You wanna? And I said Nope. And he said You should try. Its fantastic. You know we could score some and go out into the desert in your truck and, you know, get high. Its sweet. So sweet, dude. And I said Im really into chocolate. And he said What the fuck are you talking about? And I said Sweet. You said sweet. I think Ill get my sweet from chocolate. And then he got mad and called me a pinchi joto and all sorts of other names and he said he was gonna kick my ass all the way to the border. And who the fuck did I think I was, thinking that I was too good to shoot up or even smoke cigarettes and didnt I know that nobody liked me because I thought of myself as Mr. Gabacho. Mr. Gabacho. I hated that. I was as Mexican as he was. And I was bigger than he was too. I wasnt exactly afraid of the little son of a bitch. And I said, Why dont you get someone else to do drugs with you, vato? I figured the guy was lonely. But he didnt have to be an asshole about it. And he said, You're gay, vato, you know that? What the hell was the guy talking about? I was gay because I didnt want to shoot up heroin? And then I said Yeah, Im gay and I want to kiss you. And then he got this really disgusted look on his face and said I ought to kick your ass. And I said Go ahead. Then he just flipped me off and, and well, he just took offwhich was okay with me. I mean, I sort of liked the guy before he got into all this mood-altering substance abuse thing and to tell myself the truth, I was really curious about the heroin thing, but, you know, I just wasnt ready. A guy has to be ready for important things. Thats how I saw it. I got to thinking about Dante and how hed had a few beers and I thought about the couple of beers Id had with Gina and Susie and I wondered what it would be like to get drunk. I mean really drunk. I wondered if it felt good. I mean, Dante had even tried pot. I got to thinking about my brother again. Maybe he got into drugs. Maybe thats why he was in the slammer. I think I really loved him when I was a little boy. I think I really did. Maybe thats why I felt sad and emptybecause Id missed him all my life. I dont know why I did what I did. But I did it. I went out and found an old drunk loitering around the Circle K in Sunset Heights, begging for money. He looked like hell and smelled even worse. But its not like I was interested in being his friend. I asked him to buy me a six-pack. I told him Id buy him a six-pack too. He was game. I parked my truck around the corner. When he came out and handed me my six-pack, he smiled at me and said, How old are you? Sixteen, I said. You? Me. Im forty-five. He looked a lot older. I mean the guy looked as old as dirt. And then I felt badfor using the guy. But he was using me too. So that was the math on that one. At first I started to drive out into the desert to drink my six-pack. But then I thought that maybe that wasnt such a good idea. I kept hearing my moms voice in my head and it really pissed me off that her voice was there. So I just decided to go home. I knew my parents wouldnt be home for a long time. I had all night to drink my beer. I parked my truck in the driveway and just sat there. Drinking my beer. I let Legs in the truck with me and she tried to lick my beer can so I had to tell her that beer wasnt good for dogs. Probably, beer wasnt good for boys either. But, you know, I was experimenting. You know, discovering the secrets of the universe. Not that I thought Id find the secrets of the universe in a Budweiser. I got this idea into my head that if I chugged the first two or three beers then maybe Id get a good buzz. And thats exactly what I did. And it worked. It felt kind of nice, you know. I got to thinking about things. My brother. Dante. My dads bad dreams. Ileana. After chugging three beers I wasnt feeling any pain. Sort of like morphine. But different. And then, I opened up another beer. Legs put her head on my lap and we just sat there. I love you, Legs. It was true. I loved that dog. And life didnt seem so bad, me sitting there in my truck with my dog and a beer. There were a lot of guys in the world that would have killed to have what I had. So why wasnt I more grateful? Because I was an ingrate, thats why. Thats what Gina Navarro said about me. She was a smart girl. She wasnt wrong about me. I had my window rolled down and I felt the cold. The weather had changed and winter was coming. Summer hadnt brought me what I wanted. I didnt think winter would do me any better. Why did the seasons exist anyway? The cycle of life. Winter, spring, summer, fall. And then it began again. What do you want, Ari? Thats what I kept asking myself. Maybe it was the beer. What do you want, Ari? And then I answered myself A life. Whats a life, Ari? Like I know the answer to that? Deep inside you know, Ari. No, I dont. Shut up, Ari. So I did shut up. And then the thought entered my head that Id like to kiss someone. It didnt matter who. Anyone. Ileana. When I finished all my beers, I stumbled into bed. I didnt dream anything that night. Nothing at all. Wnty Tie OVER CHRISTMAS BREAK,  WAS WRAPPING SOME Christmas gifts for my nephews. I went looking for a pair of scissors. I knew my mom kept a junk drawer in the dresser in the spare bedroom. So thats where I went looking for them. And there they were, the scissors, right on top of an extra large brown envelope with my brother's name written over the top. BERNARDO. I knew that the envelope contained everything about my brothers life. A whole life in one envelope. And I knew there were photographs of him in there too. I wanted to rip it open but thats not what I did. I left the scissors there and pretended I hadnt seen the envelope. Mom, I asked, Where are the scissors? She got them for me. That night I wrote an entry in my journal. I wrote his name again and again Bernardo Bernardo Bernardo Bernardo Bernardo Bernardo Menty-Four DEAR ARI, I have this picture in my head of you lying on the bed of your pick- up looking up at all the stars. I have the sketch in my head. Im sending you a picture of me standing next to our Christmas tree. And Im sending you a gift. I hope you like it. Merry Christmas, Ari. Dante When I opened the gift, I smiled. And then I laughed. A pair of miniature tennis shoes. I knew exactly what I was supposed to do with them. Hang them from my rearview mirror. And thats exactly what I did. Mdenty-Feve THE DAY AFTER CHRISTMAS,  WORKED AN EIGHT-HOUR shift at the Charcoaler. My dad let me pick up extra shifts since it was the Christmas break. I didnt mind the job. Okay, there was this guy that I worked with who was a real jerk. But I just let him talk and most of the time he didnt even notice that I wasnt listening. He wanted to hang out after our shift and I said, I got plans. Date? he said. Yup, I said. Got a girlfriend? Yup, I said. Whats her name? Cher. Screw you, Ari, he said Some guys cant take a joke. When I got home, my mom was in the kitchen warming up some tamales for dinner. I loved homemade tamales. I liked to warm them up in the oven which was really strange because that wasnt the standard way of warming up tamales. I liked the way the oven sort of dried out the tamales so they got a little crispy and you could smell the corn leaves sort of burning and it smelled really great so my mom put some in the oven for me. Dante called, she said. Really? Yeah. Hes going to call you back in a while. I told him you were working. I nodded. He didnt know you worked. He said you never mentioned anything about that in your letters. Why does it matter? She shook her head. Guess it doesnt. I knew she was doing some math in her head about this, but she was keeping the math to herself. That was okay with me. That was when the phone rang again. Its probably Dante, she said. It was Dante. Hi. Hi. Merry Christmas. Did it snow in Chicago? No. Just cold. And gray. I mean really cold. Sounds nice. I kind of like it. But Im tired of the gray days. They say it will be worse in January. February too, probably. That sucks. Yeah, it does suck. There was a little silence on the phone. So you're working? Yeah, flipping burgers at the Charcoaler. Trying to save up some money. You didnt tell me. Yeah, its not important. Just a shitty job. Well, youre not going to save too much money buying nice art books for your friends. I could tell he was smiling. So you got the book? Im holding it in my lap. Gericaults Raft of the Medusa by Lorenz E. A. Eitner. Its a beautiful book, Ari. I thought he was going to cry. And I whispered in my own brain, dont cry dont cry. And it was like he heard meand he didnt cry. And then he said, How many burgers did you flip to buy the book? Thats a very Dante question, I said. Thats a very Ari answer, he said. And then we started laughing and couldnt stop. And I missed him so much. When I hung up the phone, I felt a little sad. And a little happy. For a few minutes I wished that Dante and I lived in the universe of boys instead of the universe of almost-men. I went out for a slow run. Legs and me. Its true what they say that every guy should have a dog. Gina says every boy is a dog. That Gina. She was like my mother. I had her voice in my head. Halfway through the run, it started to rain. The movie of the accident played through my brain. For a few seconds, there was a pain in my legs. derty-Sye ON NEW YEAR'S EVE,  GOT CALLED IN TO WORK AT THE Charcoaler. I was good with that. I didnt have any plans and I didnt feel like being in my head. You're going in to work? My mom wasnt happy. Social interaction, I said. She shot me a look. Everybodys coming over. Yeah, the family thing. Uncles. Cousins. My moms menudo and more tamales. I was burnt out on tamales. Beer. Wine for my mom and my sisters. I wasnt big on family gatherings. Too many intimate strangers. I smiled a lot, but really I never knew what to say. I smiled at my mom. 1987. Glad thats over. She shot me another look. It was a good year, Ari. Well, there was that small incident in the rain. She smiled. Why is it so hard for you to give yourself some credit? Because Im like my father. I raised my cup of coffee toward her in a toast. Heres to 88. And to Dad. My mother reached over and combed my hair with her fingers. She hadnt done that in a while. Youre looking more and more like a man, she said. I raised my cup of coffee again. Well, heres to manhood. Work wasnt so busy. The rain kept people away, so the four of us who were working took turns trying to sing our favorite songs of 1987. The Los Lobos version of La Bamba was my favorite, hands down. I couldnt sing worth a damn so I sang it on purpose because  knew everyone would tell me, dont sing dont sing, which is exactly what they said. So I was off the hook. Alma kept singing Faith. Didnt care for George Michael. Lucy kept pretending she was Madonna and even though she had a good voice, I was not into Madonna. Somewhere toward the end of the shift we all started singing U2 songs. I Still Havent Found What Im Looking For. Yeah, that was a good song. My theme song. But really I thought it was everybodys theme song. At five minutes to ten, I heard a voice at the drive-in ordering a burger and fries. Gina Navarro. Id know that voice anywhere. I couldnt decide if I really liked her or I was just used to her. When her order was done, I took it out to her beat-up Volkswagen Beetle, where she and Susie Byrd were parked. You guys going out with each other? Hardee-har, you asshole. Happy New Year to you too. You almost done? We gotta clean up before I get off. Susie Byrd smiled. I gotta say she had a sweet smile. We came to invite you to a party. Party. I dont think so, I said. Theres beer, Gina said. And girls you might want to kiss, Susie said. My own personal dating service. Just what I wanted for the new year. Maybe, I said. No maybes, Gina said. Loosen up. I dont know why I said yes, but thats just what I said. Just give me the address and I'll meet you there. I have to go home and tell my parents. I was hoping my mom and dad would say no way. But thats not what happened. You're actually going to a party? my mother said. Surprised that Im invited, Mom? No. Just surprised that you want to go. Its New Years. Will there be drinking? I dont know, Mom. You're not driving your truck there. Period. Guess I cant go. Wheres the party? Corner of Silver and Elm. Thats just down the street. You can walk. Its raining. It stopped. My mom was practically throwing me out of the house. Go. Have a good time. Shit. A good time. And guess what? I did have a good time. I kissed a girl. No, she kissed me. Ileana. She was there. Ileana. She just walked up to me and said, Its New Years. So Happy New Year. And then she just leaned into me and kissed me. We kissed. For a long time. And then she whispered, Youre the best kisser in the world. No, I said, Im not. Dont argue with me. I know about these things. Okay, I said, I wont argue with you. And then we kissed again. And then she said, I gotta go. And then she just left. I didnt even have time to take the whole thing in before Gina was standing in front of me. I saw that, she said. So fucking what? How was it? I just looked at her. Happy New Year. And then I hugged her. I have a New Years resolution for you. That made her laugh. I have a whole list for you, Ari. We stood there laughing our asses off. It was strange to have a good time. Weenty Seven ONE DAY, WHEN  WAS ALONE IN THE HOUSE,  OPENED the drawer. The drawer with the large manila envelope marked BERNARDO. I wanted to open it. I wanted to know all the secrets that were contained there. Maybe I would be free. But why wasnt I free? I wasnt in prison, was I? I put the envelope back. I didnt want to do it this way. I wanted my mother to hand it to me. To say, This is the story of your brother. Maybe I wanted too much. deity Ciglet DANTE WROTE ME A SHORT LETTER. Ari , Do you masturbate? Im thinking you think thats a funny question. But its a very serious question. I mean, youre pretty normal. At least, you're more normal than me. So maybe you masturbate or maybe you dont. Maybe I'm a little obsessed with this topic lately. Maybe its just a phase. But, Ari, if you do masturbate, what do you think about? I know I should ask my dad about this, but I dont feel like it. I love my dadbut do I have to tell him everything? Sixteen-year-olds masturbate, right? How many times a week is normal? Your friend, Dante It really made me mad that he sent that letter. Not that he wrote it, but that he sent it. I was really embarrassed by the whole thing. I am not interested in having a conversation about masturbation with Dante. I am not interested in having a conversation about masturbation with anyone. What the hell was wrong with that guy? JANUARY, FEBRUARY, MARCH, APRIL. THE MONTHS SORT of ran together. School was okay. I studied. I worked out. I ran with Legs. I worked at the Charcoaler. I played hide-and-seek with Ileana. Or rather she played hide-and-seek with me. I just didnt get her. Some Friday nights, Id drive my truck out into the desert after work. Id lie in the bed of my pickup and look out at the stars. One day I just flat out asked Ileana to go out on a date. I was tired of the flirting thing. It wasnt working anymore. Lets just go to a movie, I said. You know, maybe hold hands. I cant, she said. You cant? Not ever. So whyd you kiss me then? Because you're good-looking. Thats the only reason? And you're nice. So whats the problem? I was beginning to figure out that Ileana was playing a game that I just didnt like. Sometimes she would come by the Charcoaler on Friday nights when I was closing up and we would sit in my pickup and talk. But we really didnt talk about anything important. She was even more private than I was. There was this prom thing coming up and I thought maybe Id ask her to go. It didnt matter that shed turned me down already. And wasnt she the one coming to see me at the Charcoaler? A couple of weeks before the prom, she showed up at the Charcoaler as I was closing up. We sat in my truck. So you want to go the prom with me? I said. I was trying to sound confident but I dont think it came out exactly right. I cant, she said. Okay, I said. Okay? Yeah, its okay. Dont you want to know why, Ari? If you wanted to tell me why, you'd tell me. Okay, Pl tell you why I cant go. You dont have to. I have a boyfriend, Ari. Oh, I said. I said it like nothing. So Im just, this, well, what am Ileana? You're a guy I like. Okay, I said. I heard Ginas voice in my head. Shes just toying with you. Hes in a gang, Ari. Your boyfriend? Yeah. And if he knew I was here, something bad would happen to you. Im not afraid. You should be. Why dont you just break up with him? Its not that easy. Why? You're a good boy, you know that, Ari? Yeah, well, that sucks, Ileana. I dont want to be a good boy. Well, you are. I love that about you. Well, heres the thing, I said, I get to be the good boy. And the gang guy gets the girl. I dont like this movie. Youre mad. Dont be mad. Dont tell me not to be mad. Ari, please dont be mad. Why did you kiss me? Why did you kiss me, Ileana? I shouldnt have. Im sorry. She just looked at me. Before I could say anything else, she got out of my truck. On Monday, I looked for her at school. But I could never find her. I got Gina and Susie on the case. They were good detectives. Gina came back with a report, Ileana dropped out of school. Why?   She just did, Ari. Can she do that? Isnt it against the law or something? Shes a senior, Ari. Shes eighteen. Shes an adult. She can do whatever she wants. She doesnt know what she wants. I found her address. Her dads number was listed in the book. I went to her house and knocked on her door. Her brother came out. Yeah? He just looked at me. Im looking for Ileana. What do you want her for? Shes a friend. From school. Friend? He just kept nodding his head. Look, vato, she got married. What? She got knocked up. She married the guy. I didnt know what to say. So I didnt say anything at all. I sat in my truck that night with Legs. I kept thinking that I took this kissing way too seriously. I promised myself that I was going to become the worlds most casual kisser. Kissing didnt mean a damn thing. Teale DEAR ARI, Seven to one. Thats the ratio of Dante Letters to Ari Letters. Just so you know. When I get back this summer, Im going to take you swimming and drown you. Almost drown you. Then I'll give you mouth-to-mouth and revive you. How does that sound? Sounds good to me. Am I freaking you out yet? So on the business of kissing. This girl whove I've been experimenting with. I mean with the kisses. Shes a good kisser. She's taught me a lot in that department. But she finally said to me, Dante, I think that when you kiss me, youre kissing someone else. Yeah, I said. Guess so. Are you kissing another girl? Or are you kissing a boy? I thought that was a very interesting and forward question. A boy, I said. Anyone I know? she asked. No, I said. I think Im just making up a boy in my head. Any boy? Yeah, I said. A good-looking boy. Well, yeah, she said. As good-looking as you? I shrugged. Its nice that she thought I was good-looking. Were friends now. And its nice because now I dont feel like Im leading her on. And anyway, she confessed to me that the only reason she liked kissing me at all those parties was because she was trying to make this guy she really likes jealous. That made me laugh. She said it wasnt working. Maybe hed rather be kissing you than me, she said. Ha, ha, I said. I didnt know which guy she was talking about but to tell you the honest truth, Ari, even though its been a real trip hanging out with privileged Chicago kids who can afford lots of beer and liquor and pot, theyre really not all that interesting. Not to me anyway. I want to go back home. That's what I told my mom and dad. Can we go now? Are we done here? Of course, my dad, who can be a real wise ass, looks me straight in the eyes and says I thought you hated El Paso? Isnt that what you said when I told you we were moving to El Paso? You said Just shoot me, Dad. I know what he was after. He wanted me to say I was wrong. Well, I looked right back at him and said I was wrong, Dad. Are you happy? He gets this grin on his face. Happy about what, Dante? Happy that I was wrong? He kissed me on the cheek and said, Yeah, Im happy, Dante. The thing is I love my dad. My mom too. And I keep wondering what they're going to say when I tell them that someday I want to marry a boy. I wonder how thats going to go over? Im the only son. What's going to happen with the grandchildren thing? I hate that Im going to disappoint them, Ari. I know Ive disappointed you too. Im a little worried that we won't be friends when I get back. I guess I have to deal with these things. I hate lying to people, Ari. I especially hate lying to my parents. You know how I feel about them. I guess Im just going to tell my dad. I have this little speech. It starts something like this. Dad, I have something to say to you. I like boys. Dont hate me. Please dont hate me. I mean, Dad, you're a boy too. The speech doesnt really fit together very well. It needs some work. It sounds too needy. I hate that. I dont want to be needy. Just because Im playing for the other team doesnt mean that Im this pathetic human being whos begging to be loved. I have more self-respect than that. Yeah, I know, Im droning on and on. Three more weeks and I'll be home. Home. Another summer, Ari. You think we're too old to play in the streets? Probably. Maybe not. Look, I just want you to know that I dont want you to feel like you have to be my friend when I get back. Im not exactly best-friend material, am I? Your friend, Dante PS. It would be very weird not be friends with the guy who saved your life, don't you think? Am I breaking the rules? ity Cue ON THE LAST DAY OF SCHOOL, GINA ACTUALLY GAVE me a compliment. You know all that working out has turned you into a hunk. I smiled at her. Thats the nicest thing you've ever said to me. So how are you going to celebrate the beginning of summer? Im working tonight. She smiled. So serious. You and Susie going to a party? Yeah. Dont you get tired of parties? Dont be stupid. Im seventeen, you idiot. Of course I dont get tired of parties. You know what, youre an old man trapped in the body of a seventeen-year-old guy. I wont be seventeen until August. It gets worse. We both laughed. You want to do me a favor? I said. What? If I go out to the desert and get plastered tonight, will you and Susie drive me back home? I didnt even know I was going to say that. She smiled. She had a great smile. A really great smile. Sure, she said. What about your party? Watching you loosen up, Ari. Thats a party. Well even score the beer for you, she said. To celebrate the end of school. Gina and Susie were waiting for me on my front steps when I got home from work. They were talking to my mom and dad. Of course they were. I cursed myself for telling them to meet me at my house. What the hell was I thinking? And I didnt even have an explanation. Yeah, Mom, were going out to the desert and Im going to get shit faced. Gina and Susie were cool, though. No hint of the beer they said they were going to score. They played good girls to my parents. Not that they werent good girls. Thats exactly what they were good girls who wanted to pretend they were bad girls but who never would be bad girls because they were too decent. When I drove up, my mom was ecstatic. Not that she behaved ecstatically. But I knew that look. Friends at last! You're going to a party! Yeah, okay, I really did love my mom. My mom. My mom who knew Ginas parents, who knew Susies parents, who knew everybody. Of course she did. I remember changing clothes in my room and washing up. I remember staring at myself in the mirror. I remember whispering, You are a beautiful boy. I didnt believe itbut I wanted to. So the first people to enter into my truck other than Legs and my mother and father, were Gina Navarro and Susie Byrd. You guys are breaking in my virgin truck, I said. They rolled their eyesthen just laughed their asses off. We stopped at Ginas cousins house and picked up an ice chest full of beer and Cokes. I let Gina drive to make sure she knew how to drive a stick shift. She was a pro. She drove better than I did. Not that I told her. It was a perfect night and there was still some coolness in the desert breeze, the heat of the summer was still a step away. Me and Susie and Gina sat in the bed of my truck. I drank beer and looked up at all the stars. And I found myself whispering, Do you think well ever discover all the secrets of the universe? I was surprised to hear Susies voice answering my question. That would be a beautiful thing, wouldnt it, Ari? Yeah. I whispered, Really beautiful. Do you think, Ari, that love has anything to do with the secrets of the universe? I dont know. Maybe. Susie smiled. Did you love Ileana? No. Maybe a little bit. Did she break your heart? No. I didnt even know her. Have you ever been in love? Does my dog count? Well, counts for something. We all laughed. Susie was nursing a Coke as I drank beer after beer. Are you drunk yet? Sort of. So why do you want to get drunk? To feel something. You're an idiot, she said. Youre a good guy, Ari, but you're definitely an idiot. We all lay down on the back of the pickup, me and Gina and Susie, and just kept looking out at the night sky. I didnt really get all that drunk. I just let myself mellow out. I listened to Gina and Susie talk and I thought it was nice that they knew how to talk and how to laugh and how to be in the world. But it maybe it was easier for girls. Its good you brought a blanket, I said. Good thinking. Gina laughed. Thats what girls do, good thinking. I wondered what it would be like, to love a girl, to know how a girl thinks, to see the world through a girls eyes. Maybe they knew more than boys. Maybe they understood things that boys could never understand. Too bad we cant lie out here forever. Too bad, Susie said. Too bad, Gina said. Too bad. turning the pages patiently in search of meanings W. S. Merwin Cee SUMMER WAS HERE AGAIN. SUMMER, SUMMER, SUMMER. I loved and hated summers. Summers had a logic all their own and they always brought something out in me. Summer was supposed to be about freedom and youth and no school and possibilities and adventure and exploration. Summer was a book of hope. Thats why I loved and hated summers. Because they made me want to believe. I had that Alice Cooper song in my head. I made up my mind that this was going to be my summer. If summer was a book then I was going to write something beautiful in it. In my own handwriting. But I had no idea what to write. And already the book was being written for me. Already it wasnt all that promising. Already it was about more work and commitments. Id gone on full time at the Charcoaler. I'd never worked forty hours a week. I liked the hours though eleven in the morning to seven thirty at night, Monday through Thursday. That meant I could always sleep in, and if I wanted, I could go out. Not that I knew where I wanted to go out. On Fridays I went in late and closed at ten. Not a bad scheduleand I had weekends off. So, it was okay. But this was summer! And Saturday afternoons, my mom signed me up for the food bank. I didnt argue with her. My life was still someone elses idea. I got up early on the first Saturday after school let out. I was in my jogging shorts in the kitchen, having a glass of orange juice. I looked over at my mom who was reading the newspaper. I have to work tonight. I thought you didnt work on Saturdays? Im just filling in for a couple of hours for Mike. He your friend? Not really. Its decent of you to fill in for him. Im not doing it for free, Im getting paid. And, anyway, you raised me to be decent. You dont sound too thrilled. Whats so thrilling about being decent? I want to be bad boy, if you want to know the truth. A bad boy? You know. Che Guevara. James Dean. Whos stopping you? Im looking at her. Yeah, blame it all on your mother. She laughed. Me, I was trying to decide if I was joking or not. You know, Ari, if you really wanted to be a bad boy, youd just do it. The last thing bad boys need is their mothers approval. You think I need your approval? I dont know how to answer that. We looked at each other. I always wound up getting into these conversations with my mother that I didnt want to have. What if I quit my job? She just looked at me. Fine. I knew that tone. Fine meant I was full of crap. I knew the code. We looked at each other for about five secondswhich seemed like forever. You're too old for an allowance, she said. Maybe I'll just mow lawns. Thats imaginative. Too Mexican for you, Mom? No. Just too unreliable. Flipping burgers. Thats reliable. Not very imaginative, but reliable. Come to think of it, its the perfect job for me. Im reliable and unimaginative. She shook her head. Are you going to spend your life beating up on yourself? You're right. Maybe I'll take the summer off. You're in high school, Ari. Youre not looking for a profession. You're just looking for a way to earn some money. You're in transition. In transition? What kind of a Mexican mother are you? Im an educated woman. That doesnt un-Mexicanize me, Ari. She sounded a little angry. I loved her anger and wished I had more of it. Her anger was different than mine or my fathers. Her anger didnt paralyze her. Okay, I get your point, Mom. Do you? Somehow, Mom, I always feel like a case study around you. Sorry, she said. Though she wasnt. She looked at me. Ari, do you know what an ecotone is? Its the terrain where two different ecosystems meet. In an ecotone, the landscape will contain elements of the two different ecosystems. Its like a natural borderlands. Smart boy. In transition. I dont have to say any more, do I? No mom, you dont. I live in an ecotone. Employment must coexist with goofing off. Responsibility must coexist with irresponsibility. Something like that. Do I get an A in Sonhood 101? Dont be mad at me, Ari. Tm not. Sure you are. You're such a school teacher. Look, Ari, its not my fault youre almost seventeen. And when Im twenty-five, you'll still be a schoolteacher. Well, that was mean. Sorry. She studied me. Tam, Mom. Im sorry. We always begin every summer with an argument, dont we? Its a tradition, I said. Im going running. As I turned away, she grabbed my arm. Look, Ari, Im sorry too. Its okay, Mom. I know you, Ari, she said. I wanted to tell her the same thing I wanted to tell Gina Navarro. Nobody knows me. Then she did what I knew she was going to doshe combed my hair with her fingers. You dont have to work if you dont want to. Your father and I will be happy to give you money. I knew she meant it. But that wasnt what I wanted. I didnt know what I wanted. Its not about the money, Mom. She didnt say anything. Just make it a nice summer, Ari. The way she said that. The way she looked at me. Sometimes there was so much love in her voice that I just couldnt stand it. Okay, Mom, I said. Maybe Ill fall in love. Why not? she said. Sometimes parents loved their sons so much that they made a romance out of their lives. They thought our youth could help us overcome everything. Maybe moms and dads forgot about this one small fact being on the verge of seventeen could be harsh and painful and confusing. Being on the verge of seventeen could really suck. ao IT WASN'T EXACTLY AN ACCIDENT THAT LEGS AND  ran by Dantes house. I knew he was coming backthough I didnt know exactly when. Hed sent a postcard on the day he left Chicago Were driving back today via Washington, D.C. My dad wants to look something up at the Library of Congress. See you soon. Love, Dante. When I got to the park, I let Legs off the leash, even though I wasnt supposed to. I loved watching her run around. I was in love with the innocence of dogs, the purity of their affection. They didnt know enough to hide their feelings. They existed. A dog was a dog. There was such a simple elegance about being a dog that I envied. I called her back and put her on the leash and started my run again. Ari! I stopped, then turned around. And there he was, Dante Quintana standing on his porch, waving at me with that honest and sincere smile of his, that same smile he wore when he asked me if I wanted to learn how to swim. I waved back and walked toward his house. We stood there, looking at each other for a minute. It was strange, that we didnt have any words. And then he just leapt off his porch and hugged me. Ari! Look at you! Long hair! You look like Che Guevara without the mustache. Nice, I said. Legs barked at him. You have to pet her, I said. She hates to be ignored. Dante got down on his knees and petted her. Then kissed her. Legs licked his face. It was hard to say which of the two of them was more affectionate. Legs, Legs, so nice to meet you. He looked so happy and I wondered about that, his capacity for happiness. Where did that come from? Did I have that kind of happiness inside me? Was I just afraid of it? Where'd you get all those muscles, Ari? I looked at him, standing in front of me, him and all his uncensored questions. My dads old weights in the basement. I said. And then I realized that he was now taller than me. Howd you grow so much? I said. Must have been the cold, he said. Five eleven. Im exactly as tall as my dad. He studied me. Youre shorterbut your hair makes you look taller. That made me laugh though I didnt know why. He hugged me again and whispered, I missed you so much, Ari Mendoza. Typically, I didnt know what to say so I didnt say anything. Are we going to be friends? Dont be crazy, Dante. We are friends. Will we always be friends? Always. Tll never lie to you about anything, he said. I might lie to you, I said. And then we laughed. And I thought, Maybe this will be the summer when there is nothing but laughter. Maybe this will be the summer. Come and say hi to Mom and Dad, he said. Theyll want to see you. Can they come out? I have Legs. Legs can come in. I dont think your mom would like that. If its your dog, the dog can come in. Trust me on that one. He lowered his voice to a whisper. My mom isnt about to forget that incident in the rain. Thats ancient history. My mom is an elephant when it comes to remembering. But we didnt have to test Dantes mom about dogs in the house because just then, Mr. Quintana was at the front door and he was shouting at his wife, Soledad, guess whos here? They were all over me, hugging me and saying nice things, and I wanted to cry. Because their affection was so real and somehow, I felt I didnt deserve it or felt maybe that they were hugging the guy who had saved their sons life. I wanted them to hug me just because I was Ari and I would never be just Ari to them. But I had learned how to hide what I felt. No, thats not true. There was no learning involved. I had been born knowing how to hide what I felt. They were so happy to see me. And the truth was that I was happy to see them, too. I remember telling Mr. Quintana that I was working at the Charcoaler. He smirked at Dante. Work, Dante, theres a thought. Im going to get a job, Dad. I really am. Mrs. Quintana looked different. I dont know, it was like she was holding the sun inside her. I had never seen a woman look more beautiful. She looked younger than the last time Id seen her. Younger, not older. Not that she was old. Shed had Dante when she was twenty, I knew that. So she was thirty-eight or so. But she looked younger than that in the morning light. Maybe thats what it was, the morning light. I heard Dantes voice as I listened to his parents talk about their year in Chicago. When do I get a ride in the truck? How about after work? I said. I get off at seven thirty. You have to teach me how to drive, Ari. I saw the look on his mothers face. Aren't dads supposed to do that? I said. My dad is the worst driver in the universe, he said. Thats not true, Mr. Quintana said. Just the worst driver in El Paso. He was the only man Id ever met who actually admitted he was a bad driver. Before I left, his mother managed to pull me aside. I know you're going to let Dante drive your truck sooner or later. I wont, I said. Dantes very persuasive. Just promise me you'll be careful. I promise. I smiled at her. Something about her made me feel perfectly confident and at ease. I just didnt feel that way around most people. I can see that Im going to have to deal with two mothers this summer. You're a part of this family, she said. Theres no use fighting it. Im sure I'll disappoint you someday, Mrs. Quintana. No, she said. And even though her voice could be so firm, right then her voice was almost as kind as my own mothers. You're so hard on yourself, Ari. I shrugged. Maybe thats just the way it is with me. She smiled at me. Dantes not the only one who missed you. It was the most beautiful thing an adult who wasnt my mom or dad had ever said to me. And I knew that there was something about me that Mrs. Quintana saw and loved. And even though I felt it was a beautiful thing, I also felt it was a weight. Not that she meant it to be a weight. But love was always something heavy for me. Something I had to carry. Yaee LEGS AND  PICKED DANTE UP AT AROUND EIGHT oclock. The sun was still out, but it was sinking fast and it was hot. I honked the horn and Dante was standing at the door. Thats your truck! Its amazing! Its beautiful, Ari! Yeah, I knew I must have had a stupid grin on my face. A guy who loves his truck needs other people to admire his driving machine. Yeah, needs. Thats the truth. I dont know why, but thats the way truck guys are. He shouted back toward his house. Mom! Dad! Come look at Aris truck! He bounded down the stairs like a kid. Always so uncensored. Legs and I hopped out of the truck and watched Dante walk around the truck admiring it. Not a scratch, he said. Thats because I dont drive it to school. Dante smiled. Real chrome rims, he said. Youre a real Mexican, Ari. That made me laugh. So are you, you jerk. Nah, Ill never be a real Mexican. Why did it matter so much to him? But it mattered to me too. He was about to say something, but he noticed his parents walking down the front steps of his house. Great truck, Ari! Now, thats a classic. Mr. Quintana reacted just like Dante with that uncensored enthusiasm. Mrs. Quintana just smiled. The two of them walked around the truck, inspecting it, smiling at it as if they had run into an old friend. Its a beautiful truck, Ari. I hadnt expected that from Mrs. Quintana. Dante had already redirected his attention to Legs who was licking his face. I dont know what came over me, but I tossed Mr. Quintana my keys. You can take your girlfriend out for a spin if you want, I said. There was no hesitation in his smile. I could tell Mrs. Quintana was trying to suppress the girl that was still living inside her. But even without her husbands smile, what she was holding inside of her seemed far more profound to me. It was as if I was coming to understand Dantes mother. I knew that it mattered. I wondered why. I liked watching them, all three of them around my truck. I wanted time to stop because everything seemed so simple, Dante and Legs falling in love with each other, Dantes mom and dad remembering something about their youth as they examined my truck, and me, the proud owner. I had something of valueeven if it was just a truck that brought out a sweet nostalgia in people. It was as if my eyes were a camera and I was photographing the moment, knowing that I would keep that photograph forever. Dante and I sat on his steps and watched his dad start up my truck, his mother leaning into him like a girl on a first date. Buy her a milk shake! Dante yelled. Girls like it when you buy them something! We could see them laughing as they drove off. Your parents, I said. Sometimes theyre like kids. Theyre happy, he said. Your parents? Are they happy? Mom and Dad, theyre not at all like your mom and dad. But, my mom adores my dad. I know that. And I think my dad adores my mom too. Hes just not demonstrative. Demonstrative. Thats not an Ari word. Youre making fun. Ive expanded my vocabulary. I nudged him. Im preparing for college. How many new words a day? You know, a few. I like the old words better. Theyre like old friends. Dante nudged me back. Demonstrative. Is that word ever going to be an old friend? Maybe not. You're like your father, arent you? Yeah, I guess I am. My mom struggles with that too, you know? She doesnt naturally display her feelings. Thats why she married my dad. Thats what  think. He drags it out of her, all those feelings she has. Then its a good match. Yeah, it is. The funny thing is, I sometimes think my mother loves my father more than he loves her. Does that make sense? Yeah, I guess so. Maybe. Is love a contest? What does that mean? Maybe everyone loves differently. Maybe thats all that matters. You do realize you're talking, dont you? I mean you're really talking. I talk, Dante. Dont be a shit. Sometimes you talk. Other times you just, I dont know, you just avoid. Im doing the best I can. I know. Are there going to be rules for us, Ari? Rules? You know what Im talking about. Yeah, I guess I do. So what are the rules? I dont kiss boys. Okay, so the first rule is No trying to kiss Ari. Yeah, thats the first rule. And I have a rule for you. Okay, thats fair. No running away from Dante. What does that mean? I think you know what it means. Someday, someone will walk up to you and say Why are you hanging out with that queer? If you cant stick by me as a friend, Ari, if you cant do that, then maybe its better that you just, you knowit would kill me. You know it would kill me if you Then its a question of loyalty. Yes. I laughed. I have a harder rule to follow. He laughed too. He touched my shoulderthen smiled. Bullshit, Ari. You have the harder rule to follow? Buffalo shit. Coyote shit. All you have to do is be loyal to the most brilliant guy youve ever metwhich is like walking barefoot through the park. I, on the other hand, have to refrain from kissing the greatest guy in the universewhich is like walking barefoot on hot coals. I see you still have the barefoot thing going on. Tll always hate shoes. We'll play that game, I said. That game you made up to beat the hell out of your tennis shoes. It was fun, wasnt it? The way he said that. Like he knew we would never play that game again. We were too old now. Wed lost something and we both knew it. We didnt say anything for a long time. We just sat there on his front steps. Waiting. I looked over and saw Legs resting her head on Dantes lap. ae DANTE AND  AND LEGS DROVE OUT TO THE DESERT that night. To my favorite spot. It was just past twilight and the stars were coming out from wherever it was they hid during the day. Next time we'll bring my telescope. Good idea, I said. We lay down on the bed of my truck and stared out at the new night. Legs was exploring the desert and I had to call her back. She hopped on the truck and made a space for herself between me and Dante. I love Legs, Dante said. She loves you back. He pointed up at the sky. See Ursa Major? No. Over there. I studied the sky. Yes. Yes. I see it. Its so amazing. Yes, it is amazing. We were quiet. We just lay there. Ari? Yeah? Guess what? What? My mothers pregnant. What? My moms going to have a baby. Can you believe that? No shit. Chicago was cold and my parents figured out a way to keep warm. That really made me laugh. You think parents ever outgrow sex? I dont know. I dont think its something you outgrow, is it? What do I know, Im just waiting to grow into it. Me too. We were quiet again. Wow, Dante, I whispered. You're going to be a big brother. Yeah, a really big brother. He looked over at me. Does that make you think ofwhat was your brothers name? Bernardo. Does that make you think of him? Everything makes me think of him. Sometimes, when Im driving along in my pickup, I think of him and I wonder if he liked trucks and I wonder what hes like and I wish I knew him andI dont knowI just cant let it go. I mean, its not as if I ever really knew him. So why does it matter so much? If it matters, then it matters. I didnt say anything. Are you rolling your eyes? Yeah, I guess. I think you should confront your parents. You should just sit them down and make them tell you. Make them be adults. You cant make anyone be an adult. Especially an adult. That really made Dante laugh and we got to laughing so hard that Legs started barking at us. You know, Dante said, I need to take my own advice. He paused. I hope to God that my mother has a boy. And he better like girls. Because if he doesnt, I'll kill him. That got us to laughing again. And that got Legs to barking again. When we finally got quiet again, I heard Dantes voice and it seemed so small in the desert night. I have to tell them, Ari. Why? Because I have to. But what if you fall in love with a girl? Thats not going to happen, Ari. They'll always love you, Dante. He didnt say anything. And then I heard him crying. So I just let him cry. There was nothing I could do. Except listen to his pain. I could do that. I could hardly stand it. But I could do that. Just listen to his pain. Dante, I whispered. Cant you see how much they love you? Im going to disappoint them. Just like Ive disappointed you. You havent disappointed me, Dante. You're just saying that because Im crying. No, Dante. I got up from where I was lying and sat on the edge of the open tailgate of the truck. He sat up and we stared at each other. Dont cry, Dante. Im not disappointed. On the way back to town we stopped off at a drive-in burger joint and had a root beer. So what are you going to do this summer? I said. Well, Im going to practice with the Cathedral swim team and Im going to work on some paintings and Im going to get a job. Really. Youre going to get a job? God, you sound like my dad. Well, why do you want to work? To learn about life. Life, I said. Work. Shit. Ecotone. Ecotone? Seve ONE NIGHT, DANTE AND  WERE HANGING OUT IN HIS room. Hed graduated to working on canvas. He was working on a large painting on an easel. It was covered over. Can I see? No. When you finish? Yes. When I finish. Okay, I said. He was lying on his bed and I was sitting on his chair. Read any good books of poems lately? I said. No, not really. He seemed a little distracted. Where are you, Dante? Here, he said. He sat up on his bed. I was thinking about the kissing thing, he said. Oh, I said. I mean, how do you know that you dont like kissing boys if you've never kissed one? I think you just know, Dante. Well, have you ever? You know I havent. Have you? No. Well, maybe you dont really like kissing guys. Maybe you just think you do. I think we should try an experiment. I know what you're going to say and the answer is no. You're my best friend, right? Yes. But right now Im really regretting it. Lets just try it. No. I wont tell anyone. Cmon. No. Look, its just a kiss. You know. And then well both know. We already do know. We won't really know until we actually do it. No. Ari, please. Dante. Stand up. I dont know why I did it, but I did it. I stood up. And then he stood right in front of me. Close your eyes, he said. So I closed my eyes. And he kissed me. And I kissed him back. And then he started really kissing me. And I pulled away. Well? he said. Didnt work for me, I said. Nothing? Nope. Okay. It sure worked for me. Yeah. I think I get that, Dante. So, well, thats over with then, huh? Yeah. Are you mad at me? A little. He sat back down on his bed. He looked sad. I didnt like seeing him that way. Im more mad at myself, I said. I always let you talk me into things. Its not your fault. Yeah, he whispered. Dont cry, okay? Okay, he said. You're crying. Tm not. Okay. Okay. Se  DIDN'T CALL DANTE FOR A FEW DAYS. He didnt call me either. But somehow I knew he was sulking. He felt bad. And I felt bad too. So after a couple of days passed, I called him. You want to go running in the morning? I said. What time? he said. Six thirty. Okay, he said. For someone who wasnt a runner, he ran really well. I ran a lot slower with Dante along, but that was okay. We talked a little. And laughed. And afterward, we played Frisbee with Legs in the park and we were all right. And I needed us to be all right. And he needed us to be all right too. And so we were. Thanks for calling, he said. I thought maybe you wouldn't call anymore. Life seemed strangely normal for a while. Not that I wanted my summer to be normal. But, normal was okay. I could settle for normal. I went for a run in the mornings and worked out. I went to work. Sometimes Dante called me and we talked. Not about anything in particular. He was working on a painting and hed gotten a job at the drugstore in Kern Place. He said he liked working there because when he got off he could go to the university and spend some time in the library. Being a professors son had its privileges. Also he said, You won't believe who buys condoms. I dont know if he said that to make me laugh. But it worked. And Moms teaching me how to drive, he said. Mostly we fight. Tll let you drive my pickup, I said. My mothers worst nightmare, he said. We were laughing again. And that was good. It wouldnt be summer without Dantes laughter. We talked a lot on the phone, but we didnt see each other very much those first few weeks of summer. He was busy. I was busy. Mostly I think we were busy avoiding each other. Even though we hadnt wanted that kiss to be a big thing, it had been a big thing. It took a while for the ghost of that kiss to disappear. One morning, when I came back from my run, my mom was gone. She left a note telling me she was going to spend the day reorganizing the food bank. When are you going to start your Saturday afternoon shift? You promised. I dont know why, but I decided to call Dante. Ive been volunteered to work at the food bank on Saturday afternoons. Want to volunteer with me? Sure. What are we supposed to do? Im sure my mom will train us, I said. I was glad I asked. I missed him. I missed him more now that he was back than when he had been gone. I didnt know why. I took a shower and looked at the clock. I had some time to kill. I found myself opening the drawer in the spare bedroom. I found myself holding the envelope labeled BERNARDO. I wanted to rip it open. Maybe if I ripped it open, I would also be ripping open my life. But I just couldnt. I threw it back in the drawer. All day, I thought of my brother. But I didnt even remember what he looked like. I kept screwing up the orders at work. The manager told me to pay attention. Im not paying you to be pretty. There was a cuss word in my head. But I didnt let it pass my lips. I drove by Dantes house after work. Want to get drunk? I said. He studied my face. Sure. He had the decency not to ask me what was wrong. I went back home and showered, washing the smell of french fries and onion rings off my skin. My dad was reading. The house seemed quiet to me. Wheres Mom? She and your sisters are in Tucson visiting your Aunt Ophelia. Oh, yeah. I forgot. Its just you and me. I nodded. Sounds like fun. I hadnt meant to sound so sarcastic. I could tell he was studying me. Is there something wrong, Ari? No. Im going out. Dante and I, were going to go riding around. He nodded. He kept looking at me. You seem different, Ari. Different how? Angry. If I had been braver this is what I would have said Angry? What have I got to be angry about? You know something, Dad? I dont really care that you cant tell me about Vietnam. Even though I know that war owns you, I dont care if you dont want to talk about it. But I do care that you wont talk about my brother. Damn it to hell, Dad, I cant stand to live with all your silence. I imagined his answer All that silence has saved me, Ari. Dont you know that? And what is this obsession you have with your brother? I imagined my argument Obsession, Dad? You know what Ive learned from you and Mom? Ive learned not to talk. Ive learned how to keep everything I feel buried deep inside of me. And I hate you for it. Ari? I knew I was about to cry. I knew he could see that. I hated letting my dad see all that sadness inside of me. He reached for me. Ari Dont touch me, Dad. Just dont touch me. I dont remember driving to Dantes. I just remember sitting there in my truck, parked outside his house. His parents were sitting on the front steps. They waved at me. I waved back. And then they were standing right there. At the door of my truck. And I heard Mr. Quintanas voice. Ari, youre crying. Yeah, that happens sometimes, I said. You should come inside, Mrs. Quintana said. No. And then Dante was there. He smiled at me. And then he smiled at his mom and dad. Lets go, he said. His parents didnt ask any questions. I just drove. I could have driven forever. I dont know how I managed to find my spot in the desert, but I found it. It was as if I had a compass hidden somewhere inside me. One of the secrets of the universe was that our instincts were sometimes stronger than our minds. When I stopped the truck, I got out, slamming the door. Shit! I forgot about the beer. We dont need the beer, Dante whispered. We need the beer! We need the fucking beer, Dante! I dont know why I was yelling. The yelling turned into sobs. I fell into Dantes arms and cried. He held me and didnt say a word. Another secret of the universe Sometimes pain was like a storm that came out of nowhere. The clearest summer morning could end in a downpour. Could end in lightning and thunder. Clever IT WAS STRANGE NOT HAVING MY MOM AROUND. I wasnt used to making the coffee. My dad left a note. Are you okay? Yeah, Dad. I was glad that Legs broke the silence of the house when she began barking. Her way of telling me it was time to go for a run. Legs and I ran faster that morning. I tried not to think of anything as I ran, but it didnt work. I thought of my dad and my brother and Dante. I was always thinking of Dante, always trying to figure him out, always wondering why it was that we were friends and why it seemed to matter so much. To both of us. I hated thinking about things and peopleespecially when they were mysteries I couldnt solve. I changed the topic in my head to Aunt Ophelia in Tucson. I wondered why I never went to visit her. Its not as if I didnt love her. She lived alone and I could have made an effort. But I never did. I did call her sometimes. It was strange, but I could talk to her. She always made me feel so loved. I wondered how she did that. When I was drying myself off after my shower, I stared at my naked body in the mirror. I studied it. How strange to have a body. Sometimes it felt that way. Strange. I remembered what my aunt had told me once. The body is a beautiful thing. No adult had ever said that to me. And I wondered if I would ever feel like my own body was beautiful. My Aunt Ophelia had solved a few of the many mysteries of the universe. I felt as though I hadnt solved any at all. I hadnt even solved the mystery of my own body. RIGHT BEFORE  WENT IN TO WORK,  STOPPED OFF AT the drugstore where Dante was working. I think I just wanted to see that he really had a job. When I walked into the drugstore, he was behind the counter, placing cigarettes on the shelf. Are you wearing shoes?  said. He smiled. I stared at his name tag. Dante Q. I was just thinking of you, he said. Yeah? Some girls came in a little while ago. Girls? They knew you. We got to talking. I knew which girls they were before he told me. Gina and Susie, I said. Yeah. Theyre nice. Pretty, too. They go to school with you. Yeah, theyre nice and pretty. And pushy, too. They looked at my name tag. And then they looked at each other. And then one of them asked me if I knew you. I thought that it was a funny question to ask. What did you tell them? I told them yeah. I said you were my best friend. You told them that? You are my best friend. Did they ask you anything else? Yeah, they asked if I knew anything about an accident and you breaking your legs. I cant believe it. I cant believe it! What? Did you tell them? Of course I told them. You told them? Why are you getting mad? You told them about what happened? Of course I did. Theres a rule, Dante. Youre mad? Youre mad at me? The rule was we weren't supposed to talk about the accident. Wrong. The rule was we werent supposed to talk about the accident with each other. The rule doesnt apply to anyone else. There was a line forming behind me. I have to get back to work, Dante said. Later that afternoon, Dante called me at work. Why are you mad? I just dont like other people to know. I dont get you, Ari. He hung up the phone. What I knew was going to happen, happened. Gina and Susie showed up at the Charcoaler just as I was getting off work. You were telling us the truth, Gina said. So what? I said. So what? You saved Dantes life. Gina, lets not talk about it. You sound upset, Ari. I dont like to talk about it. Why not, Ari? Youre a hero. Susie Byrd had this thing in her voice. And how come, Gina said, we dont know anything about your best friend? Yeah, how come? I looked at both of them. Hes so cute. Id have thrown myself in front of a moving car for him too. Shut up, Gina, I said. How come hes such a secret? Hes not a secret. He just goes to Cathedral. Susie had this gaga look on her face. Cathedral boys are so cute. Cathedral boys suck, I said. So when are we going to get to know him? Never. Oh, so you want him all to yourself. Knock it off, Gina, youre really pissing me off. You're really touchy about things, you know that, Ari? Go to hell, Gina. You really dont want us to know him, do you? I dont really care. You know where he works. Go badger him. Maybe that way, you'll leave me alone.  DONT UNDERSTAND WHY YOU'RE SO UPSET. Why did you tell Gina and Susie about the whole thing? Whats with you, Ari? We agreed not to talk about it. I dont get you. I dont get me either. I got up from the steps of his front porch where we were sitting. I gotta go. I looked out across the street. I remembered Dante running after two boys who were shooting at a bird. I opened the door to my truck and climbed in. I slammed the door. Dante was standing in front of me. Do you wish you hadnt saved my life? Is that it? Do you wish I was dead? Of course not, I whispered. He just stood there, looking at me. I didnt look back. I started my truck. You are the most inscrutable guy in the universe. Yeah, I said. I guess I am. Dad and I ate dinner together. We were both quiet. We took turns feeding Legs scraps of food. Mom wouldnt approve. No, she wouldnt. We smiled awkwardly at each other. Im going bowling. You want to go? Bowling? Yeah. Sam and I, were going bowling. You're going bowling with Dantes dad? Yeah. He invited me. I thought it would be good to get out. You and Dante want to come along? I dont know, I said. You guys have an argument? No. I called Dante on the phone. Our dads are going bowling tonight. I know. My dad wanted to know if we wanted to go. Tell him no, Dante said. Okay. I have a better idea. Mr. Quintana picked my dad up to go bowling. I thought that was really strange. I didnt even know my dad bowled. Boys night out, Mr. Quintana said. Dont drink and drive, I said. Dantes wearing off on you, he said. Whats happened to that respectful young man? Hes still here, I said. Im not calling you Sam, am I? My dad shot me a look. Bye, I said. I watched them drive off. I looked at Legs, Lets go. She hopped in the truck and we drove to Dantes house. He was sitting on the front porch, talking to his mother. I waved. Legs and I leapt out of the truck. I walked up the stairs and leaned down and gave Mrs. Quintana a kiss. The last time Id seen her, Id said hi and shaken her hand. I'd felt stupid. A kiss on the cheek will do, Ari, shed said. So that was our new greeting. The sun was setting. Even though it had been a really hot day, the breeze was picking up, the clouds were gathering, and it looked like it might storm. Looking at Mrs. Quintanas hair in the breeze made me think of my mother. Dantes making a list of names for his baby brother. I looked at Dante. What if its a girl? He'll be a boy. There was no doubt in his voice. I like Diego. I like Joaquin. I like Javier. Rafael. I like Maximiliano. Those names sound pretty Mexican, I said. Yeah, well, Im shying away from ancient classical names. And besides, if he has a Mexican name, then maybe hell feel more Mexican. The look on his mothers face told me they'd had this discussion more than a few times. What about Sam? I said. Sams okay, he said. Mrs. Quintana laughed. Does the mother get a say? No, Dante said. The mother just gets to do all the work. She leaned over and kissed him. She looked up at me. So you two are going stargazing? Yeah, stargazing with the naked eye. No telescopes, I said. And its us three. You forgot Legs. Nope, she said, Legs is staying with me. I feel like some company. Okay, I said. If you want. Shes a wonderful dog. Yeah, she is. So you like dogs now? I like Legs. Shes sweet. Yeah, I said. Sweet. Its almost as if Legs knew what the score was. When Dante and I hopped into the truck, she stayed right beside Mrs. Quintana. How strange, I thought, that dogs sometimes understood the needs and behaviors of human beings. Mrs. Quintana called out to me before I started the truck. Promise me you'll be careful. I promise. Remember the rain, she said. ea AS  WAS DRIVING TOWARD MY SPOT IN THE DESERT, Dante took out the goods. He waved the two joints in the air. We both smiled, then laughed. You're a bad boy, I said. You're a bad boy too. Just what weve always wanted to be. If our parents knew, I said. If our parents knew, he said. We laughed. Ive never done this. Its not hard to learn. Where'd you score this? Daniel. This guy I work with. I think he likes me. Does he want to kiss you? I think so. Do you want to kiss him back? Not sure. But you talked him into giving you some pot, didnt you? Even though I kept my eye on the road, I knew he was smiling. You like talking people into things, dont you? Im not going to answer that. There was lightning in the sky and thunder and the smell of rain. Dante and I got out of the truck. We didnt say a word. He lit the joint, inhaled, then held the smoke in his lungs. Then finally, he let it out. Then he did it again, and handed the joint to me. I did exactly as he did. I have to say I liked the smell, but the pot was harsh in my lungs. I fought not to cough. If Dante didnt cough, then I wasnt going to cough. We sat there passing the joint until it was gone. I felt light and breezy and happy. It was strange and wonderful and everything seemed far away and yet kind of close. Dante and I kept looking at each other as we sat on the tailgate of my truck. We started laughing and couldnt stop. Then the breeze became a wind. And the thunder and lightning was close and closer and it started to rain. We ran inside the truck. We couldnt stop laughing, didnt want to stop laughing. Its crazy, I said. It feels so crazy. Crazy, he said. Crazy, crazy, crazy. God, crazy. I wanted us to laugh forever. We listened to the downpour. God, it was really raining. Like that night. Lets go out there, Dante said. Lets go out in the rain.  watched him as he took off all his clothes his shirt, his shorts, his boxers. Everything except his tennis shoes. Which was really funny. Well, he said. He had his hand on the handle of the door. Ready? Wait, I said. I stripped off my T-shirt and all my clothes. Except my tennis shoes. We looked at each other and laughed. Ready? I said. Ready, he said. We ran out into the rain. God, the drops of rain were so cold. Shit! I yelled. Shit! Dante yelled. We're fucking crazy. Yeah, yeah! Dante laughed. We ran around the truck, naked and laughing, the rain beating against our bodies. Around and around the truck, we ran. Until we were both tired and breathless. We sat inside the truck, laughing, trying to catch our breaths. And then the rain stopped. That was the way it was in the desert. The rain poured down, then stopped. Just like that. I opened the door to the truck and stepped out into the damp and windy night air. I stretched my arms out toward the sky. And closed my eyes. Dante was standing next to me. I could feel his breath. I dont know what I would have done if he had touched me. But he didnt. Im starving, he said. Me too. We got dressed and drove back into town. What should we eat? I said. Menudo, he said. You like menudo. Yeah. I think that makes you a real Mexican. Do real Mexicans like to kiss boys? I dont think liking boys is an American invention. You could be right. Yeah, I could be. I shot him a look. He hated when I was right. How about Chicos Tacos? They dont have menudo. Okay, how about the Good Luck Caf on Alameda? My dad loves that place. Mine too. Theyre bowling, I said. Theyre bowling. We were laughing so hard I had to pull over. When we finally got to the Good Luck Caf, we were so hungry that we both had a plate of enchiladas and two bowls of menudo. Are my eyes red? No, I said. Good. I guess we can go home. Yeah, I said. I cant believe we did that. Me neither. But it was fun, he said. God, I said. It was fantastic. Leven DAD WOKE ME EARLY. WERE GOING TO TUCSON, he said. I sat up in bed. I stared at him. Theres coffee. Legs followed him out the door. I wondered if he was mad at me, wondered why we had to go to Tucson. I felt a little groggy, like Id been woken in a middle of a dream. I slipped on a pair of jeans and headed for the kitchen. Dad handed me a cup of coffee. Youre the only kid I know who drinks coffee. I tried to go with the small talk, tried to pretend I hadnt had that imaginary conversation with him. Not that he knew what Id said. But I knew. And I knew Id meant to say those things, even if I hadnt. Someday, Dad, kids all over the world will be drinking coffee. I need a cigarette, he said. Legs and I followed him into the backyard. I watched him light his cigarette. How was bowling? He smiled crookedly. It was kind of fun. Im a crappy bowler. Luckily, so is Sam. You should get out more, I said. You too, he said. He took a drag off his cigarette. Your mom called late last night. Your aunt had a very serious stroke. Shes not going to make it. I remembered living with her one summer. I was a small boy and she was a kind woman. Shed never married. Not that it mattered. She knew about boys and knew how to laugh and knew how to make a boy feel as though he was the center of the universe. Shed lived a life separate from the rest of family for reasons no one had ever bothered to explain to me. I never cared about that. Ari? Are you listening? I nodded. 4 .  You go away sometimes. No, not really. I was just thinking. I spent a summer with her when I was little. Yes, you did. You didnt want to come back home. I didnt? I dont remember. You fell in love with her. He smiled. Maybe I did. I cant remember not loving her. And thats weird. Why is that weird? I dont feel that way about my other uncles and aunts. He nodded. The world would be lucky to have more like her. She and your mother wrote to each other every week. A letter a week for years and years and years. Did you know that? No. Thats a lot of letters. She saved them all. I took a sip of my coffee. Can you make arrangements at work, Ari? I could imagine him in the military. Taking charge. His voice calm and undisturbed. Yeah. Its only a job flipping burgers. What can they do, fire me? Legs barked at me. She was used to her morning run. I looked at my dad. What are we going to do about Legs? Dante, he said. His mother answered the phone. Hi, I said. Its Ari. I know, she said. Youre up early. Yeah. I said. Is Dante up? Are you kidding, Ari? He gets up a half hour before he has to be in to work. He won't get up a minute earlier. We both laughed. Well, I said, I sort of need a favor. Okay, she said. Well, my aunt had a stroke. My mom was visiting her. My dad and I are leaving as soon as we can. But, then, theres Legs, and I thought maybe She didnt let me finish my sentence. Of course we'll take her. Shes great company. She fell asleep on my lap last night. But you work and Dante works. It will be fine, Ari. Sams home all day. Hes finishing his book. Thanks, I said. Dont thank me, Ari. She sounded so much happier and lighter than the woman Id first met. Maybe it was because she was going to have a baby. Maybe that was it. Not that she still didnt get after Dante. I hung the phone up, packed a few things. The phone rang. It was Dante. Sorry about your aunt. But, hey, I get Legs! He could be such a boy. Maybe he would always be a boy. Like his dad. Yeah, you get Legs. She likes to run in the morning. Early. How early? We get up at five forty-five. Five forty-five! Are you crazy? What about sleep? That guy could always make me laugh. Thanks for doing this, I said. Are you okay? he said. Yeah. Did your dad give you hell for coming in so late? No. He was asleep. My mom wanted to know what we were up to. What did you tell her? I told her we didnt get to watch any stars because of the storm. I said it was raining like hell and we just got stuck in the storm. And we just sat in the truck and talked. And when the rain stopped, we got hungry so we went out for menudo. She looked at me funny. She said Why dont I believe you? And I said Because you have a very suspicious nature. And then she dropped the whole thing. Your mom has hyper instincts, I said. Yeah, well, she cant prove a thing. I bet she knows. How would she know? I dont know. But I bet she knows. You're making me paranoid. Good. We both cracked up laughing. We dropped off Legs at Dantes house later that morning. My dad gave Mr. Quintana a key to our house. Dante got stuck with watering my moms plants. And dont steal my truck, I said. Im Mexican, he said. I know all about hotwiring. That really made me laugh. Look, I said. Eating menudo and hotwiring a truck are two totally different forms of art. We smirked at each other. Mrs. Quintana shot us a look. We drank a cup of coffee with Dantes mom and dad. Dante gave Legs a tour around the house. Im betting Dantes going to encourage Legs to chew up all his shoes. We all laughed except my dad. He didnt know about Dantes war against shoes. We laughed even harder when Legs and Dante walked back into the kitchen. Legs was carrying one of Dantes shoes in her mouth. Look what she found, Mom. Yuelve MY FATHER AND  DIDN'T TALK ALL THAT MUCH ON THE drive to Tucson. Your mothers sad, he said. I knew he was thinking back. You want me to drive? No, he said. But then he changed his mind. Yes. He got off at the next exit and we got some gas and coffee. He handed me the keys. His car handled a lot easier than my truck. I smiled. Ive never driven anything besides my truck. If you can handle that truck, you can handle anything. Im sorry about last night, I said. Its just that sometimes I have things running around inside me, these feelings. I dont always know what to do with them. That probably doesnt make any sense. It sounds normal, Ari. I dont think Im so normal. Feeling things is normal. Except Im angry. And I dont really know where all that anger comes from. Maybe if we talked more. Well, which one of us is good with words, Dad? You're good with words, Ari. Youre just not good with words when you're around me. I didnt say anything. But then I said, Dad, Im not good with words. You talk to your mother all the time. Yeah, but thats because its a requirement. He laughed. Im glad she makes us talk. We'd die in our own silence if she wasnt around. Well, were talking now, arent we? I glanced over and saw him smiling. Yeah, were talking. He rolled down the window. Your mother doesnt let me smoke in the car. Do you mind? No, I dont mind. That smellcigaretteit always made me think of him. He smoked his cigarette. I drove. I didnt mind the silence and the desert and the cloudless sky. What did words matter to a desert? My mind drifted. I thought of Legs and Dante. I wondered what Dante saw when he looked at me. I wondered why I didnt look at the sketches he gave me. Not ever. I thought of Gina and Susie and wondered why I never called them. They bugged me, but that was their way of being nice to me. I knew they liked me. And I liked them back. Why couldnt a guy be friends with girls? What was so wrong with that? I thought about my brother and wondered if hed been close to my aunt. I wondered why such a nice lady had divorced her family. I wondered why Id spent a summer with her when I was only four. What are you thinking? I heard my fathers voice. He hardly ever asked that question. I was thinking about Aunt Ophelia. What were you thinking? Why did you send me to spend the summer with her? He didnt answer. He rolled down the window and the heat of the desert came pouring into the air-conditioned car. I knew he was going to smoke another cigarette. Tell me, I said. It was just around the time of your brothers trial, he said. That was the first time hed ever said anything to me about my brother. I didnt say anything. I wanted him to keep talking. Your mother and I were having a very difficult time. We all were. Your sisters too. We didnt want you to He stopped. I think you know what Im trying to say. He had a very serious look on his face. More serious than usual. Your brother loved you, Ari. He did. And he didnt want you to be around. He didnt want you to think of him that way. So you sent me away. Yeah. We did. It didnt solve a damn thing, Dad. I think of him all the time. Im sorry, Ari. I justIm really sorry. Why cant we just Ari, its more complicated than you think. In what way? Your mother had a breakdown. I could hear him smoking his cigarette. What? You were at your Aunt Ophelias for more than a summer. You were there for nine months. Mom? I cantits justMom? Mom really had I wanted to ask my dad for a cigarette. Shes so strong, your mother. But, I dont know, life isnt logical, Ari. It was like your brother had died. And your mother became a different person. I hardly recognized her. When they sentenced him, she just fell apart. She was inconsolable. You have no idea how much she loved your brother. And I didnt know what to do. And sometimes, even now, I look at her and I want to ask, Is it over? Is it? When she came back to me, Ari, she seemed so fragile. And as the weeks and months went by, she became her old self again. She got strong again and I listened to my dad cry. I pulled the car over to the side of the road. Im sorry, I whispered. I didnt know. I didnt know, Dad. He nodded. He got out of the car. He stood out in the heat. I knew he was trying to organize himself. Like a messy room that needed to be cleaned up. I left him alone for a while. But then, I decided I wanted to be with him. I decided that maybe we left each other alone too much. Leaving each other alone was killing us. Dad, sometimes I hated you and mom for pretending he was dead. I know. Im sorry, Ari. Im sorry, Im sorry, Im sorry. Sherteen BY THE TIME WE REACHED TUCSON, MY AUNT OPHELIA was dead. There was standing-room-only at her funeral mass. It was obvious that she had been deeply loved. By everyone except her family. We were the only ones there. My mom, my sisters, me, and my dad. People I didnt know walked up to me. Ari? they would ask. Yes, Im Ari. Your aunt adored you. I was so ashamed. For having kept her on the margins of my memory. I was so ashamed. Sourteen MY SISTERS WENT BACK HOME AFTER THE FUNERAL. My mom and dad and I stayed on. My mom and dad closed up my aunts house. My mom knew exactly what to do, and it was almost impossible for me to imagine her residing on the borders of sanity. You keep watching me, she said one night as we watched a summer storm coming in from the west. Do I? You've been quiet. Quiets pretty normal for me. Why didnt they come? I asked. My uncles and aunts? Why didnt they come? They didnt approve of your aunt. Why not? She lived with another woman. For many years. Franny, I said. She lived with Franny. You remember? Yes. A little. Not much. She was nice. She had green eyes. She liked to sing. They were lovers, Ari. I nodded. Okay, I said. Does that bother you? No. I kept playing with the food on my plate. I looked up at my father. He didnt wait for me to ask my question. I loved Ophelia, he said. She was kind and she was decent. It didnt matter to you that she lived with Franny? To some people it mattered, he said. Your uncles and aunts, Ari, they just couldnt. But it didnt matter to you? My father had a strange look on his face, as if he was trying to hold back his anger. I think I knew that his anger was aimed at my mothers family, and I also think he knew that his anger was useless. If it had mattered to us, do you think wed have let you come and stay with her? He looked at my mother. My mother nodded at him. When we get back home, she said. Id like to show you some pictures of your brother. Would that be okay? She reached over and wiped my tears. I couldnt speak. We dont always make the right decisions, Ari. We do the best we can. I nodded, but there werent any words and the silent tears just kept running down my face like there was a river inside me. I think we hurt you. I closed my eyes and made the tears stop. And then I said, I think Im crying because Im happy.  CALLED DANTE AND TOLD HIM THAT WED BE BACK in a couple of days. I didnt tell him anything about my aunt. Except that shed left me her house. What? he said. Yeah. Wow. Wow is right. Is it a big house? Yeah. Its a great house. What are you going to do with the house? Well, apparently theres a friend of my aunts who wants to buy tee What are you going to do with all that money? I dont know. I havent thought about it. Why do you suppose she left you the house? I have no idea. Well, you can quit your job at the Charcoaler. Dante. He could always make me laugh. So what have you been up to? Working at the drugstore. And Im sort of hanging out with this guy, he said. Yeah? I said. Yeah. I wanted to ask his name but I didnt. He changed the subject. I knew when Dante was changing the subject. My mom and dad are in love with Legs. ON THE FOURTH OF JULY, WE WERE STILL IN TUCSON. We went to watch the fireworks. My dad let me a have a beer with him. My mother tried to pretend she didnt approve. But if she hadnt approved, she would have put a stop to it. Its not your first beer, is it, Ari? I wasnt going to lie to her. Mom, I told you when I broke the rules, I was going to do it behind your back. Yes, she said. Thats what you said. You werent driving, were you? No. You promise? I promise. I drank the beer slowly and watched the fireworks. I felt like a small boy. I loved fireworks, the explosions in the sky, the way the crowd sometimes uuhhhed and aahhed and oohbhhed. Ophelia always said Franny was the Fourth of July. Thats really a great thing to say, I said. So what happened to her? She died of cancer. When? About six years ago, I guess. Did you come to the funeral? Yes. You didnt bring me. No. She used to send me Christmas gifts. We should have told you. Ceventeen  THINK MY MOTHER AND FATHER HAD DECIDED THAT there were too many secrets in the world. Before we left my aunts house, she put two boxes in the trunk of the car. What's that? I asked. The letters I wrote to her. What are you going to do with them? Im going to give them to you. Really? I wondered if my smile was as big as hers. Maybe as big. But not as beautiful. ON THE DRIVE BACK TO EL PASO FROM TUCSON,  SAT in the backseat. I could see that my mom and dad were holding hands. Sometimes they would glance at each other. I looked out at the desert. I thought of the night Dante and I had smoked pot and run around naked in the rain. What are you going to do the rest of the summer? I dont know. Work at the Charcoaler. Hang out with Dante. Work out. Read. Stuff like that. You dont have to work, my father said. You have the rest of your life to do that. I dont mind working. And anyway, what would I do? I dont like to watch TV. Im out of touch with my own generation. And I have you and mom to thank for that. Well, you can watch all the television you like from here on in. Too late. They both laughed. Its not funny. Im the uncoolest almost-seventeen-year-old in the universe. And its all your fault. Everything is our fault. Yes, everything is your fault. My mom turned around just to make sure I was smiling. Maybe you and Dante should take a trip together. Maybe go camping or something. I dont think so, I said. You should think about it, my mom said. Its summer. Its summer, I thought. I kept thinking of what Mrs. Quintana had said Remember the rain. Theres a storm up ahead, my father said. And were about to run into it. I looked out the window at the black clouds ahead of us. I opened the back window and smelled the rain. You could smell the rain in the desert even before a drop fell. I closed my eyes. I held my hand out and felt the first drop. It was like a kiss. The sky was kissing me. It was a nice thought. It was something Dante would have thought. I felt another drop and then another. A kiss. A kiss. And then another kiss. I thought about the dreams Id been havingall of them about kissing. But I never knew who I was kissing. I couldnt see. And then, just like that, we were in the middle of a downpour. I rolled up the window and I was suddenly cold. My arm was wet, the shoulder of my T-shirt soaked. My father pulled the car over. Cant drive in this, he said. There was nothing but darkness and sheets of rain and the awe of our silence. My mom held my fathers hand. Storms always made me feel so small. Even though summers were mostly made of sun and heat, summers for me were about the storms that came and went. And left me feeling alone. Did all boys feel alone? The summer sun was not meant for boys like me. Boys like me belonged to the rain. AM the Secrets of the Hncverse Through all of youth I was looking for you without knowing what I was looking for W. S. Merwin Cee IT RAINED OFF AND ON THE WHOLE TRIP BACK TO EI Paso. I dozed off to sleep. Id wake every time we hit a heavy downpour. There was something very serene about that trip back home. Outside of the car, there was an awful storm. Inside of the car, it was warm. I didnt feel threatened by the angry, unpredictable weather. Somehow, I felt safe and protected. One of the times I fell asleep, I started dreaming. I think I could dream on command. I dreamed my father and my brother and I were all having a cigarette. We were in the backyard. My mother and Dante were at the door. Watching. I couldnt decide if the dream was a good dream or a bad dream. Maybe a good dream because when I woke I wasnt sad. Maybe thats how you measured whether a dream was good or bad. By the way it made you feel. Are you thinking of the accident? I heard my mothers soft voice. Why? Does the rain ever remind you of the accident? Sometimes. Do you and Dante talk about it? No. Why? We just dont. Oh, she said. I thought you two talked about everything. No, I said. Were just like everyone else in the world. I knew it wasnt true. We werent like everyone else in the world. When we drove up to the house, it was pouring. Thunder and lightning and wind, the worst storm of the summer season. My dad and I got soaked taking the suitcases back into the house. My mom turned on the lights and put on some tea as my father and I changed into dry clothes. Legs hates thunder, I said. It hurts her ears. Im sure shes sleeping right next to Dante. Yeah, guess so. I said. Miss her? Yeah. I pictured Legs lying at Dantes feet, whimpering at the sound of the thunder. I pictured Dante kissing her, telling her everything was all right. Dante who loved kissing dogs, who loved kissing his parents, who loved kissing boys, who even loved kissing girls. Maybe kissing was part of the human condition. Maybe I wasnt human. Maybe I wasnt part of the natural order of things. But Dante enjoyed kissing. And I suspected he liked masturbating too. I thought masturbating was embarrassing. I didnt even know why. It just was. It was like having sex with yourself. Having sex with yourself was really weird. Autoeroticism. Id looked it up in a book in the library. God, I felt stupid just thinking about these things. Some guys talked about sex all the time. I heard them at school. Why were they so happy when they talked about sex? It made me feel miserable. Inadequate. There was that word again. And why was I thinking about these things in the middle of a rainstorm, sitting at the kitchen table with my mother and father? I tried to bring my thoughts back into the kitchen. Where I was. Where I lived. I hated the thing of living in my head. My mother and father were talking and I sat there, trying to listen to their conversation but not really listening at all, just thinking about things. My mind just wandering around. And then my thoughts fell on my brother. They always fell there. It was like my favorite parking spot in the desert. I just sort of drove there all the time. I wondered what it would have been like if my brother had been around. Maybe he could have taught me stuff about being a guy and what guys should feel and what they should do and how they should act. Maybe I would be happy. But maybe my life would be the same. Maybe my life would be even worse. Not that I had a bad life. I knew that. I had a mom and dad and they cared, and I had a dog and a best friend named Dante. But there was something swimming around inside me that always made me feel bad. I wondered if all boys had that darkness inside them. Yes. Maybe even Dante. I felt my mothers eyes on me. She was studying me. Again. I smiled at her. I'd ask you to tell me what you're thinking, but I dont think youd tell me. I shrugged. I pointed at my father. Too much like him, I guess. That made my father laugh. He looked tired but at that moment, as we sat at the kitchen table, there was something young about him. And I thought that maybe he was changing into someone else. Everyone was always becoming someone else. Sometimes, when you were older, you became someone younger. And me, I felt old. How can a guy whos about to turn seventeen feel old? It was still raining when I went to sleep. The thunder was far away and the soft sound of it was more like a distant whisper. I slept. I dreamed. It was that dream again, that dream that I was kissing someone. When I woke, I wanted to touch myself. Shaking hands with your best friend. That was Dantes euphemism. He always smiled when he said that. I took a cold shower instead. ao FOR SOME REASON  HAD A FUNNY FEELING IN THE PIT of my stomach. Not just the dream thing, the kissing thing, the body thing, and the cold shower. Not just that. There was something else that didnt feel right. I walked over to Dantes house to get Legs. I was dressed for a run in the cool morning. I loved the dampness of the desert after all the rains. I knocked at the front door. It was early, but not too early. I knew Dante was probably still asleep, but his parents would be awake. And I wanted Legs. Mr. Quintana answered the door. Legs rushed out and jumped up at me. I let her lick my face, which is not something I let her do very often. Legs, Legs, Legs! I missed you. I kept petting her and petting her, but when I looked up, I noticed that Mr. Quintana lookedhe looked, I dont knowthere was something in his face. I knew something was wrong. I looked at him. I didnt even ask the question. Dante, he said. What? Hes in the hospital. What? What happened? Is he okay? Hes pretty beat up. His mother stayed with him overnight. What happened? Would you like a cup of coffee, Ari? Legs and I followed him into the kitchen. I watched as Mr. Quintana poured me a cup of coffee. He handed me the cup and we sat across from each other. Legs placed her head on Mr. Quintanas lap. He kept running his hand over her head. We sat there in the quiet, me watching him. I waited for him to talk. Finally, he said, How close are you and Dante? I dont understand the question, I said. He bit his lip. How well do you know my son? Hes my best friend. I know that, Ari. But how well do you know him? He sounded impatient. I was playing dumb. I knew exactly what he was asking. I felt my heart beating against my chest. Did he tell you? Mr. Quintana shook his head. So you know, I said. He didnt say anything. I knew I had to say something. He looked lost and afraid and sad and tired and I hated that, because he was such a kind and good man. I knew I had to say something to him. But I didnt know what. Okay, I said. Okay? What, Ari? When you left for Chicago, Dante told me that someday he wanted to marry another boy. I looked around the room. Or at least kiss another boy. Well, actually, I think he said that in a letter. Or maybe he said some of that after he got back. He nodded. He stared into his cup of coffee. I think I knew, he said. How? The way he looks at you sometimes. Oh. I looked down at the floor. But why didnt he tell me, Ari? He didnt want to disappoint you. He said I stopped and then looked away from him. But then I made myself stare back into his black, hopeful eyes. And even though I felt I was betraying Dante, I knew I had to talk him. I had to tell him. Mr. Quintana Call me Sam. I looked at him. Sam, I said. He nodded. Hes crazy about you. I guess you know that. If hes so crazy about me, then why didnt he tell me? Talking to dads isnt that easy. Even you, Sam. He sipped on his coffee nervously. He was so happy that you were going to have another baby. And not just because he was going to be a big brother. And he said, He has to be a boy and he has to like girls. Thats what he said. So that you could have grandchildren. So that you could be happy. I dont care about grandchildren. I care about Dante. I hated watching the tears falling down Sams face. I love Dante, he whispered. I love that kid. Hes lucky, I said. He smiled at me. They beat him, he whispered. They beat my Dante all to hell. They cracked some ribs, they punched his face. He has bruises everywhere. They did that to my son. It was a strange thing to want to hold an adult man in your arms. But thats what I wanted to do. We finished our coffee. I didnt ask any more questions. Yavee  DIDN'T KNOW WHAT TO TELL MY MOM AND DAD. NOT that I knew anything. I knew that someone, maybe several someones, had beat Dante so badly that hed wound up in a hospital. I knew that it had something to do with another boy. I knew that Dante was at Providence Memorial Hospital. Thats all I knew. I came home with Legs, who went berserk when I brought her home. Dogs didnt censor themselves. Maybe animals were smarter than people. The dog was so happy. My mom and dad too. It felt good to know that they loved the dog, that they let themselves do that. And somehow it seemed that the dog helped us be a better family. Maybe dogs were one of the secrets of the universe. Dantes in the hospital, I said. My mother was studying me. So was my father. They both wore a question mark on their faces. Someone jumped him. Hes hurt. Hes in the hospital. No, she said. Our Dante? I wondered why shed said, Our Dante. Was it a gang thing? my father whispered. No. It happened in some alley, I said. In the neighborhood? Yes. I think so. They were waiting for me to tell them more. But I couldnt. I think I'll go, I said. I didnt remember leaving the house. I didnt remember driving to the hospital. Next thing I knew I was standing in front of Dante, looking at his puffed up, punished face. He was unrecognizable. I couldnt even see the color of his eyes. I remember taking his hand and whispering his name. He could hardly talk. He could hardly see, his eyes nearly swollen shut. Dante. Ari? Im here, I said. Ari? he whispered. I should have been here, I said. I hate them. I hate them. I did hate them. I hated them for what theyd done to his face, for what they'd done to his parents. I should have been here. I should have been here. I felt his mothers hand on my shoulder. I sat with his mother and father. Just sat. Hell be okay, wont he? Mrs. Quintana nodded. Yes. But She looked at me. Will you always be his friend? Always. No matter what? No matter what. He needs a friend. Everybody needs a friend. I need a friend too, I said. I had never said that before. There was nothing to do at the hospital. Just sit and look at each other. None of us seemed like we were in the mood to talk. As I was leaving, his parents walked out with me. We stood outside the hospital. Mrs. Quintana looked at me. You should know what happened. You dont have to tell me. I think I do, she said. There was an old woman. She saw what happened. She told the police. I knew she wasnt going to cry. Dante and another boy were kissing in an alley. Some boys were walking by and saw them. And She tried to smile. Well, you saw what they did to him. I hate them, I said. Sam told me you know about Dante. There are worse things in the world than a boy who likes to kiss other boys. Yes, there are, she said. Much worse. Do you mind if I say something? I smiled at her and shrugged. I think Dantes in love with you. Dante was right about her. She did know everything. Yes, I said. Well, maybe not. I think he likes that other guy. Sam looked at right me. Maybe the other guys just a stand in. For me, you mean? He smiled awkwardly. I mean, sorry. I shouldnt have said that. Its okay, I said. This is hard, he said. Imhell, Im just feeling a little lost right now. I smiled at him. You know what the worst thing about adults is? No. Theyre not always adults. But thats what I like about them. He took me in his arms and held me. Then let me go. Mrs. Quintana watched us. Do you know who he is? Who? The other boy? I have an idea. And you dont care? What am I supposed to do? I knew my voice was cracking. But I refused to cry. What was there to cry about? I dont know what to do. I looked at Mrs. Quintana and I looked at Sam. Dantes my friend. I wanted to tell them that Id never had a friend, not ever, not a real one. Until Dante. I wanted to tell them that I never knew that people like Dante existed in the world, people who looked at the stars, and knew the mysteries of water, and knew enough to know that birds belonged to the heavens and werent meant to be shot down from their graceful flights by mean and stupid boys. I wanted to tell them that he had changed my life and that I would never be the same, not ever. And that somehow it felt like it was Dante who had saved my life and not the other way around. I wanted to tell them that he was the first human being aside from my mother who had ever made me want to talk about the things that scared me. I wanted to tell them so many things and yet I didnt have the words. So I just stupidly repeated myself. Dantes my friend. She looked at me, almost smiling. But she was too sad to smile. Sam and I were right about you. You are the sweetest boy in the world. Next to Dante, I said. Next to Dante, she said. They walked me to my truck. And then a thought entered into my head. What happened to the other guy? He ran, Sam said. And Dante didnt. No. Thats when Mrs. Quintana broke down and cried. Why didnt he run, Ari? Why didnt he just run? Because hes Dante, I said. Sy  DIDN'T KNOW THAT  WAS GOING TO DO THE THINGS I did. It wasnt like I had a plan. It wasnt like I was really thinking. Sometimes, you do things and you do them not because you're thinking but because youre feeling. Because youre feeling too much. And you cant always control the things you do when you're feeling too much. Maybe the difference between being a boy and being a man is that boys couldnt control the awful things they sometimes felt. And men could. That afternoon, I was just a boy. Not even close to being a man. I was a boy. A boy who went crazy. Crazy, crazy. I got in my truck and drove straight to the drugstore where Dante worked. I ran through the conversation wed had. I remembered the guy's name. Daniel. I walked into the drugstore and he was there. Daniel. I saw his name tag. Daniel G. The guy Dante said he wanted to kiss. He was at the counter. Im Ari, I said. He looked at me, a look of panic on his face. Im Dantes friend, I said. I know, he said. I think you should take a break. I dont I didnt wait for his lame excuses. Im going to go outside and wait for you. Im going to wait for exactly five minutes. And if youre not out there in five minutes, then Im going to walk back inside this drugstore and kick your fucking ass in front of the whole world. And if you dont think Ill do it, you better look into my eyes and study them. I walked out the front door. And waited. It didnt take five minutes before he was standing there. Lets walk, I said. I cant be gone long, he said. He followed me. We walked. Dantes in the hospital. Oh. Oh? You havent gone to visit. He didnt say anything. I wanted to beat the holy shit out him right then and there. Dont you have anything to say, you asshole? What do you want me to say? You bastard. Dont you feel anything? I could see he was trembling. Not that I cared. Who were they? What are you talking about? Dont screw with me, asshole. You're not going to tell anyone. I grabbed him by the collar and then let him go. Dantes lying in a hospital and the only thing youre worried about is who Im going to tell. Who am I going to tell, asshole? Just tell me who they were. I dont know. Bullshit. You tell me now and I won't kick your ass from here to the South Pole. I didnt know all of them. How many? Four guys. All I need is one name. Just one. Julian. He was one of them. Julian Enriquez? Him. Who else? Joe Moncada. Who else? I didnt know the other two. And you just left Dante there? He wouldnt run. And you didnt stay with him? No. I mean, what good would it have done? So you didnt care? I do care. But you didnt go back, did you? You didnt go back to see if he was all right, did you? No. He looked scared. I shoved him against the wall of a building. And walked away. Seve  KNEW WHERE JULIAN ENRIQUEZ LIVED. D PLAYED baseball with him and his brothers when I was in grade school. Wed never really liked each other. Not that we were enemies or anything like that. I drove around for a little while, then found myself parking my truck in front of his house. I walked up to his front door and knocked. His little sister answered the door. Hi, Ari, she said. I smiled at her. She was pretty. Hi, Lulu, I said. My voice was calm and almost friendly. Wheres Julian? Hes at work. Where does he work? Bennys Body Shop. What time does he get off? I said. He usually gets home after five sometime. Thanks, I said. She smiled at me. Should I tell him you came by? Sure, I said. Bennys Body Shop. Mr. Rodriguez, one of my dads friends, owned it. They'd gone to school together. I knew exactly where it was. I went driving around all afternoon, just waiting for five oclock to come around. When it was almost time, I parked around the corner from the body shop. I didnt want Mr. Rodriguez to see me. Hed ask questions. Hed tell my dad. I didnt want questions. I got out of my truck and walked across the street from the body shop. I wanted to make sure Id see Julian when he walked out of the garage. When I spotted him, I waved him over. He walked across the street. Whats up, Ari? Not much, I said. I pointed to my truck. Just driving around. That your truck? Yup. Nice wheels, vato. Want to get a good look? We walked up to my truck and he ran his hand over the chrome fenders. He knelt down and studied the chrome rims. I pictured him kicking Dante as he lay on the ground. I pictured me beating the crap out of him right then and there. Want to take a ride? Got some stuff going on. Maybe you can come by later and we can take a spin. I grabbed him by the neck and pulled him up. Get in, I said What the hell crawled up your ass, Ari? Get in, I said. I threw him against the truck. Chingao, ese. What the shits wrong with you, man? He took a swing at me. That was all I needed. I just went to it. His nose was bleeding. That didnt stop me. It didnt take long before he was on the ground. I was saying things to him, cussing at him. Everything was a blur and I just kept going at him. Then I heard a voice and a pair of arms grabbing me and holding me back. The voice was yelling at me and the arms were strong and  couldnt swing anymore. I stopped struggling. And everything stopped. Everything stood still. Mr. Rodriguez was staring at me. What the hells the matter with you, Ari? Que te pasa? I didnt have anything to say. I looked down at the ground. Whats going on here, Ari? A ver. Di me. I couldnt talk. I watched as Mr. Rodriguez knelt down and helped Julian get up off the ground. His nose was still bleeding. Im gonna kill you, Ari, he whispered. You and whose army, I said. Mr. Rodriguez glared at me. He turned toward Julian. Are you okay? Julian nodded. Lets get you cleaned up. I didnt move. Then I started to get in the truck. Mr. Rodriguez shot me another look. Youre lucky I dont call the cops. Go ahead and call them. I dont give a damn. But before you call them, you better ask Julian what hes been up to. I got in my truck and drove away. Se  DIDN'T NOTICE THE BLOOD ON MY KNUCKLES AND ON my shirt until I drove up to my house. I just sat there. I didnt have a plan. So I just sat. I would sit there foreverthat was my plan. I dont know how long I sat there. I started shaking. I knew Id gone crazy but I couldnt explain it to myself. Maybe thats what happens when you go crazy. You just cant explain it. Not to yourself. Not to anyone. And the worst part about going crazy is that when you're not crazy anymore, you just dont know what to think of yourself. My dad came out of the house and stood on the front porch. He looked at me. I didnt like the look on his face. I need to talk to you, he said. Hed never said that to me before. Not ever. Not like that. His voice made me afraid. I got out of the truck and sat on the front steps of the porch. My dad sat next to me. I just got a call from Mr. Rodriguez. I didnt say anything. Whats wrong with you, Ari? I dont know, I said. Nothing. Nothing? I could hear the anger in my fathers voice. I stared at my bloody shirt. Im going to take a shower. My dad followed me into the house. Ari! My mom was in the hallway. I couldnt stand the way she was looking at me. I stopped and looked down at the floor. I couldnt stop the shaking. My whole body was trembling. I stared at my hands. Nothing could stop the shaking. My father grabbed my arm, not hard or mean but not soft either. He was strong, my father. He moved me toward the living room and sat me down on the couch. My mother sat next to me. He sat on his chair. I felt numb and wordless. Talk, my father said. I wanted to hurt him, I said. Ari? My mother just looked at me. I hated that look of disbelief. Why couldnt she believe that Id want to hurt someone? I looked back at her. I did want to hurt him. Your brother hurt someone once, she whispered. And then she started sobbing. And I couldnt stand it. I hated myself more than I had ever hated myself. I just watched her cry and finally I said, Dont cry, Mom, please dont cry. Why, Ari? Why? You broke that boys nose, Ari. And the only reason you're not at a police station is because Elfgo Rodriguez is an old friend of your fathers. We have to pay for that little hospital visit. You have to pay, Ari. I didnt say anything. I knew what they were thinking. First your brother and now you. Im sorry, I said. It sounded lame even to me. But part of me wasnt sorry. Part of me was glad Id broken Julians nose. I was only sorry that Id hurt my mom. Sorry, Ari? He had this look on his face. Like steel. I could be like steel too. Im not my brother, I said. I hate that you think that. I hate that I live in his f I stopped myself from using that word in front of my mother. I hate that I live in his shadow. I hate it. I hate having to be a good boy just to please you. Neither of them said anything. I dont know that I am sorry, I said. My father stared back at me. Im selling your truck. I nodded. Fine. Sell it. My mother had stopped crying. She had a strange look on her face. Not soft, not hard. Just strange. I need you to tell me why, Ari. I took a breath. Okay, I said. And you'll listen? Why wouldnt we listen? My dads voice was firm. I looked at my dad. Then I looked at my mom. Then I looked down at the floor. They hurt Dante, I whispered. You cant even tell what he looks like. You should see his face. They cracked some of his ribs. They left him lying in an alley. Like he was nothing. Like he was a piece of trash. Like he was shit. Like he was nothing. And if he would have died, they wouldnt have cared.  started to cry. You want me to talk? Ill talk. You want me to tell you? I'll tell you. He was kissing another boy. I dont know why, but I couldnt stop crying. And then I stopped and I knew I was really angry. More angry than Id ever been in my life. There were four of them. The other boy ran. But Dante didnt run. Because Dantes like that. He doesnt run. I looked at my dad. He didnt say a word. My mother had moved closer to me. She couldnt stop combing my hair with her fingers. Im so ashamed, I whispered. I wanted to hurt them back. Ari? My fathers voice was soft. Ari, Ari, Ari. Youre fighting this war in the worst possible way. I dont know how to fight it, Dad. You should ask for help, he said. I dont know how to do that, either. Clever WHEN  GOT OUT OF THE SHOWER, MY FATHER WAS gone. My mother was in the kitchen. The manila envelope with my brother's name was on the table. My mother was drinking a glass of wine. I sat across from her. I drink beer sometimes, I said. She nodded. Im not an angel, Mom. And Im not a saint. Im just Ari. Im just screwed-up Ari. Dont you ever say that. Tts true. No, it isnt. Her voice was fierce and strong and sure. You're not screwed up at all. Youre sweet and good and decent. She took a sip of her wine. T hurt Julian, I said. That wasnt a very smart thing to do. And not very nice. She almost laughed. No, not nice at all. She was running her hands over the envelope. Im sorry, she said. She opened up the envelope and took out a picture. This is you. You and Bernardo. She handed me the picture. I was a little boy and my brother was holding me in his arms. And he was smiling. He was handsome and smiling and I was laughing. You loved him so much, she said. And Im sorry. Its like I said, Ari, we dont always do the right things, you know? We dont always say the right things. Sometimes, it seems like it just hurts too much to look at something. So you dont. You just dont look. But it doesnt go away, Ari. She handed me the envelope. Its all in there. She wasnt crying. He killed someone, Ari. He killed someone with his bare fists. She almost smiled. But it was the saddest smile Id ever seen. Ive never said that before, she whispered. Does it still hurt a lot? A lot, Ari. Even after all these years. Will it always hurt? Always. How do you stand it? I dont know. We all have to bear things, Ari. All of us. Your father has to bear the war and what it did to him. You have to bear your own painful journey to becoming a man. And it is painful for you, isnt it, Ari? Yes, I said. And I have to bear your brother, what he did, the shame of it, his absence. Its not your fault, Mom. I dont know. I think mothers always blame themselves. Fathers too, I think. Mom? I wanted to reach over and touch her. But I didnt. I just looked at her and tried to smile. I didnt know I could love you this much. And then her smile wasnt sad anymore. Hijo de mi corazon, I'll tell you a secret. You help me bear it. You help me bear all my losses. You, Ari. Dont say that, Mom. I'll only disappoint you. No, amor. Not ever. What I did today. I hurt you. No, she said. I think I understand. But the way she said it. It was like she understood something about me that shed never quite understood before. I always felt that when she looked at me, she was trying to find me, trying to find out who I was. But it seemed at that moment that she saw me, that she knew me. But that confused me. Understand what, Mom? She pushed the envelope toward me. Arent you going to look through that? I nodded. Yes. Not right now. Are you afraid? No. Yes. I dont know. I ran my finger over my brothers name. We sat there, my mother and I, for what seemed a long time. She sipped on her glass of wine and I looked at pictures of my brother. My brother when he was a baby, my brother in my fathers arms, my brother with my sisters. My brother sitting on the front steps of the house. My brother, a little boy, saluting my father in uniform. My brother, my brother. My mother watched me. It was true. I had never loved her more. WHERE DID DAD GO? He went to see Sam. Why? He just wanted to talk to him. About what? About what happened. Theyre friends, you know, your father and Sam. Thats interesting, I said. Dads older. She smiled. So what? Yeah, so what. Alne CAN  FRAME THIS ONE AND PUT IT IN MY ROOM? IT was a picture of my brother saluting my father. Yes, she said, I love that one. Did he cry? When Dad left for Vietnam? For days. He was inconsolable. Were you afraid Dad wouldnt come back? I didnt think about it. I made myself not think about it. She laughed. Im good at that. Me too, I said. And all this time I thought I got that trait from Dad. We laughed. Can we put that picture in the living room? Would you mind, Ari? That was the day that my brother was in our house again. In a strange and inexplicable way, my brother had come home. It wasnt my mother who answered my hungry questions. It was my father. My mother would listen sometimes as my father and I talked about Bernardo. But she would never say a word. I loved her for her silence. Or maybe I just understood it. And loved my father too, for the careful way he spoke. I came to understand that my father was a careful man. To be careful with people and with words was a rare and beautiful thing. wee  VISITED DANTE EVERY DAY. HE WAS IN THE HOSPITAL for about four days. They had to make sure he was okay because hed had a concussion. His ribs hurt. The doctor said the cracked ribs would take a while to heal. But they werent broken. That would have been worse. The bruises would heal on their own. At least the ones on the outside. No swimming. He couldnt do much, really. He could lie around. But Dante liked lying around. That was the good thing. He was different. Sadder. The day he came home from the hospital, he cried. I held him.  thought he would never stop. I knew that a part of him would never be the same. They cracked more than his ribs. Leven ARE YOU OKAY, ARI? MRS. QUINTANA WAS STUDYING me just like my mother studied me. I sat across from Dantes parents at their kitchen table. Dante was asleep. Sometimes when his ribs were bothering him, he took a pill. They made him drowsy. Yeah, Im fine. Are you sure? You think I need a therapist? Theres nothing wrong with going to see a therapist, Ari. Spoken like a therapist, I said. Mrs. Quintana shook her head. You didnt used to be smart aleck until you started hanging around with my son. I laughed. Im fine, I said. Why wouldnt I be fine? The Quintanas glanced at each other. Is that a parent thing? What? Those looks moms and dads like to give each other. Sam laughed. Yeah, I guess so. I knew that my father and he had talked. I knew that he knew what Id done. I knew they both knew. You know who the boys are, dont you, Ari? Mrs. Quintana was back to her strict self. Not that I minded. I know who two of them are. And the other two? I thought Id make a joke. I bet I could make them talk. Mrs. Quintana laughed. That surprised me. Ari, she said. You're a crazy boy. Yeah, I guess I am. Its all about loyalty, she said. Yeah, I guess so. But, Ari, you could have gotten yourself in a lot of trouble. It was wrong. I know it was wrong. I just did it. I cant explain it. Theyre never going to do anything to those boys, are they? Maybe not. Yeah, I said, like the cops are really working this case. I dont care about those other boys, Ari. Sam was looking straight into my eyes. I care about Dante. And I care about you. Im fine, I said. You're sure? Tm sure. And you're not going to go after those other boys? The thought crossed my mind. Mrs. Quintana didnt laugh that time. I promise. You're better than that, she said. I wanted so much to believe her. But Im not going to pay for Julians broken nose. Have you told your father? Not yet. But Im just going to tell him that if those bast I stopped. I didnt finish the word Id started. There were other words  wanted to use. If those guys dont have to pay for Dantes hospital stay, then I dont have to pay for Julians little ER visit. If Dad wants to take the truck away, then its okay with me. Mrs. Quintana was wearing a smirk. She didnt smirk much. Let me know what your father says. And another thing. Julian can call the cops if he wants. I was wearing a smirk of my own. You think thats going to happen? You're pretty streetwise, arent you, Ari? I liked the look Sam had on his face. I know my way around. Yuelve MY DAD DIDN'T ARGUE WITH ME ABOUT NOT PAYING for Julians hospital bill. He looked at me and said, I guess you've just decided to settle out of court. He just kept nodding pensively. Sam talked to the old lady. She could never recognize those boys. Not in a million years. Julians dad came over and had a talk with my dad. He didnt look very happy when he left. My dad didnt take away my truck. Yherteen IT SEEMED THAT DANTE AND  DIDNT HAVE MUCH TO say to each other. I borrowed books of poems from his father and read to him. Sometimes, he would say, Read that one again. And so I would. I dont know what was wrong between us in those last days of summer. In some ways I had never felt closer to him. In other ways I had never felt further away. Neither one of us went back to work. I dont know. I guess, after what had happened, it all seemed so pointless. I made a bad joke one day. Why does summer always have to end with one of us all beat to hell? Neither one of us laughed at the joke. I didnt take Legs to see him because she liked to jump on him and she could hurt him. Dante missed her. But he knew I was right not to take her over. One morning, I went to Dantes house and showed him all the pictures of my brother. I told him the story as I understood it, from the newspaper clippings, from the questions my father answered. So you want to hear the whole thing? I said. Tell me, he said. We were both tired of poetry, tired of not talking. Okay. My brother was fifteen years old. He was angry. From everything I understand about him, he was always angry. I especially got that from my sisters. I guess he was mean or, just, I dont know, he was just born angry. So one night hes roaming around the streets of downtown, looking for trouble. Thats what my father said. He said Bernardo was always looking for trouble. He picked up a prostitute. Where'd he get the money? I dont know. What kind of a question is that? When you were fifteen, did you have money for a prostitute? When I was fifteen? You say it like it was a long time ago. Hell, I barely had money for a candy bar. Thats my point. I looked at him. Can I finish? Sorry. The prostitute turns out be a guy. What? He was a transvestite. Wow. Yeah. My brother goes ballistic. How ballistic? He killed the guy with his fists. Dante didnt know what to say. God, he said. Yeah. God. A long time went by before either one of us said anything. Finally, I looked at Dante. Did you know what a transvestite was? Yeah. Of course I did. Of course you did. You didnt know what a transvestite was? How would I know? Youre so innocent, Ari, you know that? Not so innocent, I said. The story gets sadder, I said. How can the story get sadder? He killed someone else. Dante didnt say anything. He waited for me to finish. He was in a juvenile detention center. I guess one day, he took out his fists again. My mom is right. Things dont just go away because we want them to. Tm sorry, Ari. Yeah, well, theres nothing we can do, is there? But its good, Dante. I mean, its not good for my brother. I dont know if anythings ever going to be good with him. But its good its all out there, you know. In the open. I looked at him. Maybe someday I'll know him. Maybe someday. He was watching me. You look like youre going to cry. Im not. Its just too sad, Dante. And you know what? Im like him, I think. Why? Because you broke Julian Enriquezs nose? You know? Yeah. Why didnt you tell me you knew? Why didnt you tell me, Ari? Im not proud of myself, Dante. Whyd you do it? I dont know. He hurt you. I wanted to hurt him back. I did a stupid kind of math in my head. I looked at him. Your black eyes are almost gone. Almost, he said. How are the ribs? Better. Some nights its hard to sleep. So I take a pain pill. I hate them. You'd make a bad drug addict. Maybe not. I really liked pot. I really did. Maybe your mother should interview you for that book shes writing. Well, she already gave me hell. How'd she find out? I keep telling you. Shes like God. She knows everything. I tried not to laugh but I couldnt help it. Dante laughed too. But it hurt him to laugh. With his cracked ribs. You're not, he said. You're not like your brother at all. I dont know, Dante. Sometimes I think I'll never understand myself. Im not like you. You know exactly who you are. Not always, he said. Can I ask you a question? Sure. Does it bother you, that I was kissing Daniel? I think Daniels a piece of shit. Hes not. Hes nice. Hes good-looking. Hes good-looking? How shallow is that? Hes a piece of shit, Dante. He just left you there. You sound like you care more than I do. Well, you should care. You wouldnt have done that, would you? No. Im glad you broke Julians nose. We both laughed. Daniel doesnt care about you. He was scared. So what? Were all scared. You're not, Ari. Youre not scared of anything. Thats not true. But I wouldnt have let them do that to you. Maybe you just like to fight, Ari. Maybe. Dante looked at me. He just kept looking at me. You're staring, I said. Can I tell you a secret, Ari? Can I stop you? You dont like knowing my secrets. Sometimes your secrets scare me. Dante laughed. I wasnt really kissing Daniel. In my head, I was kissing you. I shrugged. You got to get yourself a new head, Dante. He looked a little sad. Yeah. Guess so. Sourteen  WOKE UP EARLY. THE SUN WASN'T OUT YET. THE SECOND week of August. Summer was ending. At least the part of summer that had to do with no school. Senior year. And then life. Maybe thats the way it worked. High school was just a prologue to the real novel. Everybody got to write youbut when you graduated, you got to write yourself. At graduation you got to collect your teachers pens and your parents pens and you got your own pen. And you could do all the writing. Yeah. Wouldnt that be sweet? I sat up on my bed and ran my fingers over the scars on my legs. Scars. A sign that you had been hurt. A sign that you had healed. Had I been hurt? Had I healed? Maybe we just lived between hurting and healing. Like my father. I think thats where he lived. In that in-between space. In that ecotone. My mother, too, maybe. Shed locked my brother somewhere deep inside of her. And now she was trying to let him out. I kept running my finger up and down my scars. Legs lay there with me. Watching. What do you see, Legs? What do you see? Where did you live before you came to me? Did someone hurt you, too? Another summer was ending. What would happen to me after I graduated? College? More learning. Maybe I would move to another city, to another place. Maybe summers would be different in another place. WHAT DO YOU LOVE, ARI? WHAT DO YOU REALLY LOVE? I love the desert. God, I love the desert. Its so lonely. Ts it? Dante didnt understand. I was unknowable.  DECIDED TO GO SWIMMING.  GOT THERE RIGHT WHEN the pool opened so I could swim some laps in peace before it got crowded. The lifeguards were there, talking about girls. I ignored them. They ignored me. I swam and swam until my legs and lungs hurt. Then took a break. Then swam and swam some more. I felt the water on my skin.  thought of the day I met Dante. You want me to teach you how to swim? I thought of his squeaky voice and how hed outgrown his allergies, how his voice had changed and deepened. Mine, too. I thought of what my mom had said. You talk like a man. It was easier to talk like a man than to be one. When I got out of the pool, I noticed a girl staring at me. She smiled. I smiled back. Hi. I waved. Hi. She waved back. You go to Austin? Yeah. I think she wanted to keep talking. But I didnt know what to say next. What year? Senior. Im a sophomore. You look older, I said. She smiled. Im mature. Im not, I said. That made her laugh. Bye, I said. Bye, she said. Mature. Man. What exactly did those words mean anyway? I walked to Dantes house and knocked at the door. Sam answered. Hi, I said. Sam looked relaxed and happy. Hi, Ari. Wheres Legs? Home. I pulled at the damp towel Id flung over my shoulder. I went swimming. Dante will be jealous. Hows he doing? Good. Getting better. You havent been over in a while. Weve missed you. He led me into the house. Hes in his room. He hesitated a moment. He has company. Oh, I said. I can come back. Dont worry about it. Go on up. I dont want to bother him. Dont be crazy. I can come back. Its not a big deal. I was just coming back from swimming Its just Daniel, he said. Daniel? I think he noticed the look on my face. You dont like him very much, do you? He sort of left Dante hanging, I said. Dont be so hard on people, Ari. That really made me mad, that he said that. Tell Dante I came by, I said. Ceventeen MY DAD SAID YOU WERE UPSET? I wasnt upset. The front door was open and Legs was barking at a dog passing by. Just a minute, I said. Legs! Knock it off I took the phone into the kitchen and sat down at the table. Okay, I said. Look, I wasnt upset. I think my dad would know. Okay, I said. What the shit difference does it make? See. You are upset. I just wasnt in the mood to see your friend Daniel. Whats he ever done to you? Nothing. I just dont like the guy. Why cant we all be friends? The bastard left you there to die, Dante. We talked about it. Its okay. Okay then. Good. You're acting crazy. Dante, youre so full of shit sometimes, you know that? Look, he said. Were going to some party tonight. Id like it if you came. Tll let you know, I said. I hung up the phone. I went down to the basement and lifted some weights for a couple of hours. I lifted and lifted until every part of my body was in pain. Pain wasnt so bad. I took a shower. I lay down on my bed and just lay there. I must have fallen asleep. When I woke, Legs had her head on my stomach. I kept petting her. I heard my moms voice in the room. Are you hungry? Nah, I said. Not really. You sure? Yeah. What time is it? Six thirty. Wow. Guess I was tired. She smiled at me. Maybe it was all that exercise? Guess so. Something wrong? No. You sure? Just tired. You've been hitting those weights a little hard, dont you think? No. When you're upset, you do weights. Is that another one of your theories, Mom? Its more than a theory, Ari. DANTE CALLED. I didnt say anything. Are you going to call him back? Sure. You know you've been moping around the house for the past four or five days. Moping and lifting weights. Moping. I thought of what Gina always said about me, Melancholy Boy. I havent been moping. And I havent just been lifting weights. Ive been reading. And Ive been thinking about Bernardo. Really? Yeah. What have you been thinking? I think I want to start writing to him. He returned all my letters. Really? Maybe he wont return mine. Maybe not, she said. Its a worth a try. Why not? Did you stop writing? Yes, I did, Ari. It hurt too much. That makes sense, I said. Just dont be too disappointed, Ari, okay? Dont expect too much. Your father went to see him once. What happened? Your brother refused to see him. Does he hate you and Dad? No. I dont think so. I think hes angry at himself. And I think hes ashamed. He should get over it. I dont know why, but I punched the wall. My mother stared at me. Im sorry, I said. I dont know why I did that. Ari? What? There was something in her face. That serious, concerned look. She wasnt angry, she wasnt wearing that stern look that she sometimes wore when she was playing mother. Whats wrong, Ari? You say that like you have another theory about me. You bet your ass I do, she said. But her voice was so nice and kind and sweet. She got up from the kitchen table and poured herself a glass of wine. She took out two beers and put one of them in front of me. She put the other at the center of the table. Your fathers reading. I think Ill go get him. Whats going on, Mom? Family meeting. Family meeting? Whats that? Its a new thing, she said. From here on in, were going to have a lot more of them. You're scaring me, Mom. Good. She walked out of the kitchen. I stared at the beer in front of me. I touched the cold glass. I didnt know if I was supposed to drink from it or just stare at it. Maybe it was all a trick. My mom and dad walked into the kitchen. They both sat down across from me. My father opened his beer. Then he opened mine. He took a sip. Are you ganging up on me? Relax, my father said. He took another drink from his beer. My mother sipped on her wine. Dont you want to have a beer with your mom and dad? Not really, I said. Its against the rules. New rules, my mother said. A beer with your old man isnt going to kill you. Its not as if you havent had one before. Whats the big deal? This is really weird, I said. I took a drink from the beer. Happy now? My father had a really serious look on his face. Did I ever you tell you about any of my skirmishes while I was in Vietnam? Oh, yeah, I said. I was just thinking about all those war stories you tell me about. My father reached over and took my hand in his. I deserved that one. He kept squeezing my hand. Then he let go. We were in the north. North of Da Nang. Is that where you were, Da Nang? That was my home away from home. He smiled at me crookedly. We were on a reconnaissance mission. Things were pretty quiet for a few days. It was monsoon season. God, I hated those endless rains. We were just ahead of a convoy. The area had been cleared. We were there to make sure the coast was clear. Then all hell broke loose. There were bullets all over the place. Grenades going off. We were pretty much ambushed. It wasnt the first time. But this time was different. There was shooting from all sides. The best thing to do was just fall back. Beckett called for a chopper to get us out. There was this guy. A really good guy. God, he was so young. Nineteen years old. God, he was just a boy. My father shook his head. His name was Louie. Cajun guy from Lafayette. There were tears running down my fathers face. He sipped on his beer. We werent supposed to leave a man down. That was the rule. You dont leave a man down. You dont leave a man to die. I could see the look on my mothers face, her absolute refusal to cry. I remember running toward the chopper, Louie was right behind me, bullets flying everywhere. I thought I was a dead man. And then Louie went down. He yelled my name. I wanted to go back. I dont remember exactly, but the last thing I remember was Beckett pulling me onto the chopper. I didnt even know Id been shot. We left him there. Louie. We left him. I watched my father lean into his own arms and sob. There was something about the sound of a man in pain that resembled the sound of a wounded animal. My heart was breaking. All this time, Id wanted my father to tell me something about the war and now I couldnt stand to see the rawness of his pain, how new it was after so many years, how that pain was alive and thriving just beneath the surface. I dont know if I believed in the war or not, Ari. I dont think I did. I think about it a lot. But I signed up. And I dont know what I felt about this country. I do know that the only country I had were the men that fought side by side. They were my country, Ari. Them. Louie and Beckett and Garcia and Al and Giothey were my country. Im not proud of everything I did in that war. I wasnt always a good soldier. I wasnt always a good man. War did something to us. To me. To all of us. But the men we left behind. Those are the ones who are in my dreams. I drank my beer. My father drank from his. My mother drank from her glass of wine. We were all silent for what seemed a long time. I hear him sometimes, my father said. Louie. I hear him calling my name. I didnt go back. You wouldve been killed too, I whispered. Maybe. But I didnt do my job. Dad, dont. Please I felt my mother reaching across the table, combing my hair with her hands and wiping my tears. You dont have to talk about this, Dad. You dont. Maybe I do. Maybe its time to stop the dreams. He leaned on my mother. Dont you think its time, Lilly? My mother didnt say a word. My father smiled at me. A few minutes ago your mother walked into the living room and took the book I was reading out of my hands. And she said Talk to him. Talk to him, Jaime. She put on that fascist voice of hers she has. My mother laughed softly. Ari, its time you stopped running. I looked at my dad. From what? Dont you know? What? If you keep running, it will kill you. What, Dad? You and Dante. Me and Dante? I looked at my mother. Then looked at my father. Dantes in love you, he said. Thats obvious enough. He doesnt hide that from himself. I cant help what he feels, Dad. No. No, you cant. And besides, Dad, I think hes gotten way over that. Hes into that guy, Daniel. My father nodded. Ari, the problem isnt just that Dantes in love with you. The real problemfor you, anywayis that youre in love with him. I didnt say anything. I just kept looking at my mothers face. And then my fathers face. I didnt know what to say. Im not sure, I mean, I dont think thats true. I mean, I just dont think so. 1 mean Ari, I know what I see. You saved his life. Why do you suppose you did that? Why do you suppose that, in an instant, without even thinking, you dove across the street and shoved Dante out of the way of a moving car? You think that just happened? I think you couldnt stand the thought of losing him. You just couldnt. Why would you risk your own life to save Dante if you didnt love him? Because hes my friend. And why would you go and beat the holy crap out of a guy who hurt him? Why would you do that? All of your instincts, Ari, all of them, tell me something. You love that boy. I kept staring down at the table. I think you love him more than you can bear. Dad? Dad, no. No. I cant. I cant. Why are you saying these things? Because I cant stand watching all that loneliness that lives inside you. Because I love you, Ari. My mother and father watched me cry. I thought maybe I was going to cry forever. But I didnt. When I stopped, I took a big drink from my beer. Dad, I think I liked it better when you didnt talk. My mother laughed. I loved her laugh. And then my father was laughing. And then I was laughing. What am I going to do? Im so ashamed. Ashamed of what? my mother said. Of loving Dante? Im a guy. Hes a guy. Its not the way things are supposed to be. Mom I know, she said. Ophelia taught me some things, you know? All those letters. Ive learned some things. And your fathers right. You cant run. Not from Dante. I hate myself. Dont, amor. Te adoro. Ive already lost a son. Im not going to lose another. Youre not alone, Ari. I know it feels that way. But youre not. How can you love me so much? How could I not love you? Youre the most beautiful boy in the world. Tm not. You are. You are. What am I going to do? My fathers voice was soft. Dante didnt run. I keep picturing him taking all those blows. But he didnt run. Okay, I said. For once in my life, I understood my father perfectly. And he understood me. DANTE? Ive been calling you every day for the past five days. I have the flu. Bad joke. Screw you, Ari. Why are you so mad? Why are you so mad? Im not mad anymore. So maybe its my turn to be mad. Okay, thats fair. Hows Daniel? You're a piece of crap, Ari. No. Daniels a piece of crap. He doesnt like you. I dont like him either. So, is he like your new best friend? Not even close. You guys been kissing? What's it to you? Just asking. I dont want to kiss him. Hes nothing. So what happened? Hes a self-involved, conceited, piece of shit. And hes not even smart. And my mother doesnt like him. What does Sam think of him? Dad doesnt count. He likes everybody. That really made me laugh. Dont laugh. Why were you mad? We can talk about it, I said. Yeah, like youre so good at that. Give me a break, Dante. Okay. Okay. So what are you doing tonight? Our parents are going bowling. They are? They talk a lot. They do? Dont you know anything? I guess Im a little aloof sometimes. A little? Im trying here, Dante. Say you're sorry. I dont like people who dont know how to say theyre sorry. Okay. Im sorry. Okay. I could tell he was smiling. They want us to go along. Bowling? eg DANTE WAS SITTING ON THE FRONT PORCH, WAITING. He bounced down the steps and hopped in the truck. Bowling sounds really boring. Have you ever gone? Of course I have. Im not good at it. Do you have to be good at everything? Yes. Get over it. Maybe we'll have fun. Since when do you want to hang out with your parents? Theyre okay, I said. Theyre good. Something you said. What? You said you'd never run away from home because you were crazy about your parents. I thought it was a really weird thing to say. I mean, not normal. I mean, I thought parents were aliens, I guess. Theyre not. Theyre just people. Yeah. You know, I think Ive changed my mind about my mom and dad. You mean you're crazy about them. Yeah. I guess so. I started the truck. Im a pretty shitty bowler too. Just so you know. I bet were better than our mothers. We sure as hell better be. We laughed. And laughed. And laughed. When we got to the bowling alley, Dante looked at me and said, I told my mom and dad that I never, ever wanted to kiss another guy for the rest of my life. You told them that? Yeah. What did they say? My dad rolled his eyes. What did your mom say? Not much. She said she knew a really good therapist. He'll help you come to terms, she said. And then she said, Unless you want to talk to me instead. He looked at me. We busted out laughing. Your mom, I said. I like her. Shes tough as hell, he said. But soft, too. Yeah, I said. I noticed that. Our parents are really weird, he said. Because they love us? Thats not so weird. Its how they love us thats weird. Beautiful, I said. Dante looked at me. You're different. How? I dont know. You're acting different. Weird? Yeah, weird. But in a good way. Good, I said, Ive always wanted to be weird in a good way. I think our parents were really surprised to see that wed actually showed up. Our fathers were drinking beer. Our mothers were drinking 7UP. Their scores were lousy. Sam smiled at us. I didnt think you guys would actually show up. We were bored, I said. I liked you better when you werent such a smart aleck. Sorry, I said. It was fun. We had fun. It turned out I was the best bowler. I bowled over 120. And my third game I bowled 135. Terrible, really, when you think about it. But the rest of the crew really sucked. Especially my mom and Mrs. Quintana. They talked a lot. And laughed a lot. Dante and I kept looking at each other and laughing. Wenety Uae WHEN DANTE AND  LEFT THE BOWLING ALLEY,  DROVE the truck toward the desert. Where are we going? My favorite hangout. Dante was quiet. Its late. You tired? Sort of. Its just ten oclock. Get up early, do you? Wiseass. Unless you want to just go home. No. Okay. Dante didnt put in any music. He thumbed through my box full of cassette tapes, but couldnt settle on anything. I didnt mind the quiet. We just drove into the desert. Me and Dante. Not saying anything. I parked in my usual spot. I love it here, I said. I could hear the beating of my own heart. Dante didnt say anything. I touched the tennis shoes hed sent me that were hanging from my rearview mirror. I love these things, I said. You love a lot of things, dont you? You sound mad. I thought you werent mad anymore. I think I am mad. Im sorry. I said I was sorry. I cant do this, Ari, he said. Cant do what? This whole friend thing. I cant do it. Why not? I have to explain it to you? I didnt say anything. He got out of the truck and slammed the door. I followed after him. Hey, I said. I touched his shoulder. He pushed me away. I dont like it when you touch me. We stood there for long time. Neither one of us said anything.  felt small and insignificant and inadequate. I hated feeling that way. I was going to stop feeling that way. I was going to stop. Dante? What? I could hear the anger in his voice. Dont be mad. I dont know what to do, Ari. Remember that time you kissed me? Yeah. Remember I said it didnt work for me? Why are you bringing this up? I remember. I remember. Dammit to hell, Ari, did you think Id forgotten? Ive never seen you this mad. I dont want to talk about that, Ari. It just makes me feel bad. What did I say when you kissed me? You said it didnt work for you. I lied. He looked at me. Dont play with me, Ari. Tm not. I took him by the shoulders. I looked at him. And he looked at me. You said I wasnt scared of anything. Thats not true. You. Thats what Im afraid of. Im afraid of you, Dante. I took a deep breath. Try it again, I said. Kiss me. No, he said. Kiss me. No. And then he smiled. You kiss me. I placed my hand on the back of his neck. I pulled him toward me. And kissed him. I kissed him. And I kissed him. And I kissed him. And I kissed him. And he kept kissing me back. We laughed and we talked and looked up at the stars. I wished it was raining, he said. I dont need the rain, I said. I need you. He traced his name on my back. I traced my name on his. All this time. This was what was wrong with me. All this time I had been trying to figure out the secrets of the universe, the secrets of my own body, of my own heart. All of the answers had always been so close and yet I had always fought them without even knowing it. From the minute I'd met Dante, I had fallen in love with him. I just didnt let myself know it, think it, feel it. My father was right. And it was true what my mother said. We all fight our own private wars. As Dante and I lay on our backs in the bed of my pickup and gazed out at the summer stars, I was free. Imagine that. Aristotle Mendoza, a free man. I wasnt afraid anymore. I thought of that look on my mothers face when Id told her I was ashamed. I thought of that look of love and compassion that she wore as she looked at me. Ashamed? Of loving Dante? I took Dantes hand and held it. How could I have ever been ashamed of loving Dante Quintana? I had second thoughts about writing this book. In fact, after I finished the first chapter or so, I had almost decided to abandon the project. But Im lucky and blessed enough to be surrounded by committed, brave, talented, and intelligent people who inspired me to finish what I started. This book would not have been written without them. So here is my small and certainly incomplete list of people Id like to thank Patty Moosebrugger, great agent, great friend. Daniel and Sasha Chacon for their great affection and their belief that I needed to write this book. For Hector, Annie, Ginny, and Barbara, who have always been there. My editor, David Gale, who believed in his book and the whole team at Simon  Schuster, especially Navah Wolfe. My colleagues in the Creative Writing Department whose work and generosity continually challenge me to be a better writer and a better person. And finally, I would like to thank my students, past and present, who remind me that language and writing will always matter. My gratitude to all of you.