HARRY POTTER and the Philosophers Stone THE BOY WHO LIVED Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly normal, thank you very much. They were the last people youd expect to be involved in anything strange or mysterious, because they just didnt hold with such nonsense. Mr. Dursley was the director of a firm called Grunnings, which made drills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any neck, although he did have a very large mustache. Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and had nearly twice the usual amount of neck, which came in very useful as she spent so much of her time eraning over garden fences, spying on the neighbors. The Dursleys had a small son called Dudley and in their opinion there was no finer boy anywhere. The Dursleys had everything they wanted, but they also had a secret, and their greatest fear was that somebody would discover it. They didnt think they could bear it if anyone found out about the Potters. Mrs. Potter was Mrs. Dursleys sister, but they hadnt Page I 2 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling met for several years; in fact, Mrs. Dursley pretended she didnt have a sister, because her sister and her good-for-nothing husband were as unDursleyish as it was possible to be. The Dursleys shuddered to think what the neighbors would say if the Potters arrived in the street. The Dursleys knew that the Potters had a small son, too, but they had never even seen him. This boy was another good reason for keeping the Potters away; they didnt want Dudley mixing with a child like that. When Mr. and Mrs. Dursley woke up on the dull, gray Tuesday our story starts, there was nothing about the cloudy sky outside to suggest that strange and mysterious things would soon be happening all over the country. Mr. Dursley hummed as he picked out his most boring tie for work, and Mrs. Dursley gossiped away happily as she wrestled a screaming Dudley into his high chair. None of them notieed a large, tawny owl flutter past the window. At half past eight, Mr. Dursley pieked up his briefcase, peeked Mrs. Dursley on the eheek, and tried to kiss Dudley good-bye but missed, beeause Dudley was now having a tantrum and throwing his eereal at the walls. Little tyke, ehortled Mr. Dursley as he left the house. He got into his ear and baeked out of number fours drive. It was on the eorner of the street that he notieed the first sign of something peeuliar  a eat reading a map. For a seeond, Mr. Dursley didnt realize what he had seen  then he jerked his head around to look again. There was a tabby eat standing on the eorner of Privet Drive, but there wasnt a map in sight. What eould he have been thinking of? It must have been a triek of the light. Mr. Dursley blinked and stared at Page I 3 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling the cat. It stared back. As Mr. Dursley drove around the corner and up the road, he watched the cat in his mirror. It was now reading the sign that said Privet Drive  no, looking at the sign; cats couldnt read maps or signs. Mr. Dursley gave himself a little shake and put the cat out of his mind. As he drove toward town he thought of nothing except a large order of drills he was hoping to get that day. But on the edge of town, drills were driven out of his mind by something else. As he sat in the usual morning traffic jam, he couldnt help noticing that there seemed to be a lot of strangely dressed people about. People in cloaks. Mr. Dursley couldnt bear people who dressed in funny clothes  the getups you saw on young people! He supposed this was some stupid new fashion. He drummed his fingers on the steering wheel and his eyes fell on a huddle of these weirdos standing quite close by. They were whispering excitedly together. Mr. Dursley was enraged to see that a couple of them werent young at all; why, that man had to be older than he was, and wearing an emerald-green cloak! The nerve of him! But then it struck Mr. Dursley that this was probably some silly stunt  these people were obviously collecting for something ... yes, that would be it. The traffic moved on and a few minutes later, Mr. Dursley arrived in the Grunnings parking lot, his mind back on drills. Mr. Dursley always sat with his back to the window in his office on the ninth floor. If he hadnt, he might have found it harder to concentrate on drills that morning. He didnt see the owls swooping past in broad daylight, though people down in the street did; they pointed and gazed open-mouthed as owl after owl sped overhead. Most of them had never seen an owl even at nighttime. Mr. Dursley, however, had a perfectly normal, owl-free morning. He yelled at five different people. He made several important telephone Page I 4 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling calls and shouted a bit more. He was in a very good mood until lunehtime, when he thought hed streteh his legs and walk aeross the road to buy himself a bun from the bakery. Hed forgotten all about the people in eloaks until he passed a group of them next to the bakers. He eyed them angrily as he passed. He didnt know why, but they made him uneasy. This buneh were whispering exeitedly, too, and he eouldnt see a single eolleeting tin. It was on his way baek past them, elutehing a large doughnut in a bag, that he eaught a few words of what they were saying. The Potters, thats right, thats what I heard   yes, their son, Harry  Mr. Dursley stopped dead. Fear flooded him. He looked baek at the whisperers as if he wanted to say something to them, but thought better of it. He dashed baek aeross the road, hurried up to his offiee, snapped at his seeretary not to disturb him, seized his telephone, and had almost finished dialing his home number when he ehanged his mind. He put the reeeiver baek down and stroked his mustaehe, thinking ... no, he was being stupid. Potter wasnt sueh an unusual name. He was sure there were lots of people ealled Potter who had a son ealled Harry. Come to think of it, he wasnt even sure his nephew was ealled Harry. Hed never even seen the boy. It might have been Harvey. Or Harold. There was no point in worrying Mrs. Dursley; she always got so upset at any mention of her sister. He didnt blame her  if hed had a sister like that ... but all the same, those people in eloaks ... Page I 5 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling He found it a lot harder to eoneentrate on drills that afternoon and when he left the building at five oeloek, he was still so worried that he walked straight into someone just outside the door. Sorry, he grunted, as the tiny old man stumbled and almost fell. It was a few seeonds before Mr. Dursley realized that the man was wearing a violet eloak. He didnt seem at all upset at being almost knoeked to the ground. On the eontrary, his faee split into a wide smile and he said in a squeaky voiee that made passersby stare, Dont be sorry, my dear sir, for nothing eould upset me today! Rejoiee, for You- Know-Who has gone at last! Even Muggles like yourself should be eelebrating, this happy, happy day! And the old man hugged Mr. Dursley around the middle and walked off. Mr. Dursley stood rooted to the spot. He had been hugged by a eomplete stranger. He also thought he had been ealled a Muggle, whatever that was. He was rattled. He hurried to his ear and set off for home, hoping he was imagining things, whieh he had never hoped before, beeause he didnt approve of imagination. As he pulled into the driveway of number four, the first thing he saw  and it didnt improve his mood  was the tabby eat hed spotted that morning. It was now sitting on his garden wall. He was sure it was the same one; it had the same markings around its eyes. Shoo! said Mr. Dursley loudly. The eat didnt move. It just gave him a stern look. Was this normal eat behavior? Mr. Dursley wondered. Trying to pull himself together, he let himself into the Page I 6 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling house. He was still determined not to mention anything to his wife. Mrs. Dursley had had a niee, normal day. She told him over dinner all about Mrs. Next Doors problems with her daughter and how Dudley had learned a new word Wont!. Mr. Dursley tried to aet normally. When Dudley had been put to bed, he went into the living room in time to eateh the last report on the evening news And finally, bird-watehers ever3rwhere have reported that the nations owls have been behaving very unusually today. Although owls normally hunt at night and are hardly ever seen in daylight, there have been hundreds of sightings of these birds flying in every direetion sinee sunrise. Experts are unable to explain why the owls have suddenly ehanged their sleeping pattern. The newseaster allowed himself a grin. Most mysterious. And now, over to Jim MeGuffin with the weather. Going to be any more showers of owls tonight, Jim? Well, Ted, said the weatherman, I dont know about that, but its not only the owls that have been aeting oddly today. Viewers as far apart as Kent, Yorkshire, and Dundee have been phoning in to tell me that instead of the rain I promised yesterday, theyve had a downpour of shooting stars! Perhaps people have been eelebrating Bonfire Night early  its not until next week, folks! But I ean promise a wet night tonight. Mr. Dursley sat frozen in his armehair. Shooting stars all over Britain? Owls flying by daylight? Mysterious people in eloaks all over the plaee? And a whisper, a whisper about the Potters ... Page I 7 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Mrs. Dursley came into the living room earrying two eups of tea. It was no good. Hed have to say something to her. He eleared his throat nervously. Er  Petunia, dear  you havent heard from your sister lately, have you? As he had expeeted, Mrs. Dursley looked shoeked and angry. After all, they normally pretended she didnt have a sister. No, she said sharply. Why? Funny stuff on the news, Mr. Dursley mumbled. Owls ... shooting stars ... and there were a lot of funny-looking people in town today ... So? snapped Mrs. Dursley. Well, I just thought ... maybe ... it was something to do with ... you know ... her crowd. Mrs. Dursley sipped her tea through pursed lips. Mr. Dursley wondered whether he dared tell her hed heard the name Potter. He deeided he didnt dare. Instead he said, as easually as he eould, Their son  hed be about Dudleys age now, wouldnt he? I suppose so, said Mrs. Dursley stiffly. Whats his name again? Howard, isnt it? Harry. Nasty, eommon name, if you ask me. Oh, yes, said Mr. Dursley, his heart sinking horribly. Yes, I quite agree. He didnt say another word on the subjeet as they went upstairs to bed. While Mrs. Dursley was in the bathroom, Mr. Dursley erept to the bedroom window Page I 8 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling and peered down into the front garden. The eat was still there. It was staring down Privet Drive as though it were waiting for something. Was he imagining things? Could all this have anything to do with the Potters? If it did ... if it got out that they were related to a pair of  well, he didnt think he eould bear it. The Dursleys got into bed. Mrs. Dursley fell asleep quiekly but Mr. Dursley lay awake, turning it all over in his mind. His last, eomforting thought before he fell asleep was that even if the Potters were involved, there was no reason for them to eome near him and Mrs. Dursley. The Potters knew very well what he and Petunia thought about them and their kind. ... He eouldnt see how he and Petunia eould get mixed up in anything that might be going on  he yawned and turned over  it eouldnt affeet them. ... How very wrong he was. Mr. Dursley might have been drifting into an uneasy sleep, but the eat on the wall outside was showing no sign of sleepiness. It was sitting as still as a statue, its eyes fixed unblinkingly on the far eorner of Privet Drive. It didnt so mueh as quiver when a ear door slammed on the next street, nor when two owls swooped overhead. In faet, it was nearly midnight before the eat moved at all. A man appeared on the eorner the eat had been watehing, appeared so suddenly and silently youd have thought hed just popped out of the ground. The eats tail twitehed and its eyes narrowed. Nothing like this man had ever been seen on Privet Drive. He was tall, thin, and very old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard, whieh were both long Page I 9 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling enough to tuck into his belt. He was wearing long robes, a purple cloak that swept the ground, and high-heeled, buckled boots. His blue eyes were light, bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles and his nose was very long and crooked, as though it had been broken at least twice. This mans name was Albus Dumbledore. Albus Dumbledore didnt seem to realize that he had just arrived in a street where everything from his name to his boots was unwelcome. He was busy mmmaging in his cloak, looking for something. But he did seem to realize he was being watched, because he looked up suddenly at the cat, which was still staring at him from the other end of the street. For some reason, the sight of the cat seemed to amuse him. He chuckled and muttered, I should have known. He found what he was looking for in his inside pocket. It seemed to be a silver cigarette lighter. He flicked it open, held it up in the air, and clicked it. The nearest street lamp went out with a little pop. He clicked it again  the next lamp flickered into darkness. Twelve times he clicked the Put-Outer, until the only lights left on the whole street were two tiny pinpricks in the distance, which were the eyes of the cat watching him. If anyone looked out of their window now, even beady-eyed Mrs. Dursley, they wouldnt be able to see anything that was happening down on the pavement. Dumbledore slipped the Put- Outer back inside his cloak and set off down the street toward number four, where he sat down on the wall next to the cat. He didnt look at it, but after a moment he spoke to it. Fancy seeing you here. Professor McGonagall. Page I 10 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling He turned to smile at the tabby, but it had gone. Instead he was smiling at a rather severe-looking woman who was wearing square glasses exaetly the shape of the markings the eat had had around its eyes. She, too, was wearing a eloak, an emerald one. Her blaek hair was drawn into a tight bun. She looked distinetly ruffled. How did you know it was me? she asked. My dear Professor, Ive never seen a eat sit so stiffly. Youd be stiff if youd been sitting on a briek wall all day, said Professor MeGonagall. All day? When you eould have been eelebrating? I must have passed a dozen feasts and parties on my way here. Professor MeGonagall sniffed angrily. Oh yes, everyones eelebrating, all right, she said impatiently. Youd think theyd be a bit more eareful, but no  even the Muggles have notieed somethings going on. It was on their news. She jerked her head baek at the Dursleys dark living-room window. I heard it. Floeks of owls ... shooting stars. ... Well, theyre not eompletely stupid. They were bound to notiee something. Shooting stars down in Kent  Ill bet that was Dedalus Diggle. He never had mueh sense. You eant blame them, said Dumbledore gently. Weve had preeious little to eelebrate for eleven years. I know that, said Professor MeGonagall irritably. But thats no reason to lose our heads. People are being downright eareless, out on the streets in broad Page I 11 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling daylight, not even dressed in Muggle elothes, swapping rumors. She threw a sharp, sideways glanee at Dumbledore here, as though hoping he was going to tell her something, but he didnt, so she went on. A fine thing it would be if, on the very day You-Know-Who seems to have disappeared at last, the Muggles found out about us all. I suppose he really has gone, Dumbledore? It eertainly seems so, said Dumbledore. We have mueh to be thankful for. Would you eare for a lemon drop? A what? A lemon drop. Theyre a kind of Muggle sweet Im rather fond of. No, thank you, said Professor MeGonagall eoldly, as though she didnt think this was the moment for lemon drops. As I say, even if You-Know-Who has gone  My dear Professor, surely a sensible person like yourself ean eall him by his name? All this You- Know-Who nonsense  for eleven years I have been trying to persuade people to eall him by his proper name Voldemort. Professor MeGonagall fiinehed, but Dumbledore, who was unstieking two lemon drops, seemed not to notiee. It all gets so eonfusing if we keep saying You-Know-Who. I have never seen any reason to be frightened of saying Voldemorts name. I know you havent, said Professor MeGonagall, sounding half exasperated, half admiring. But youre different. Everyone knows youre the only one You- Know- oh, all right, Voldemort, was frightened of. Page I 12 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling You flatter me, said Dumbledore ealmly. Voldemort had powers I will never have. Only beeause youre too  well  noble to use them. Its lueky its dark. I havent blushed so mueh sinee Madam Pomfrey told me she liked my new earmuffs. Professor MeGonagall shot a sharp look at Dumbledore and said, The owls are nothing next to the rumors that are flying around. You know what everyones saying? About why hes disappeared? About what finally stopped him? It seemed that Professor MeGonagall had reaehed the point she was most anxious to diseuss, the real reason she had been waiting on a eold, hard wall all day, for neither as a eat nor as a woman had she fixed Dumbledore with sueh a piereing stare as she did now. It was plain that whatever everyone was saying, she was not going to believe it until Dumbledore told her it was true. Dumbledore, however, was ehoosing another lemon drop and did not answer. What theyre saying, she pressed on, is that last night Voldemort turned up in Godries Hollow. He went to find the Potters. The rumor is that Lily and James Potter are  are  that theyre  dead. Dumbledore bowed his head. Professor MeGonagall gasped. Lily and James ... I eant believe it ... I didnt want to believe it ... Oh, Albus ... Dumbledore reaehed out and patted her on the shoulder. I know ... I know ... he said heavily. Page I 13 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Professor McGonagalls voice trembled as she went on. Thats not all. Theyre saying he tried to kill the Potters son, Harry. But  he couldnt. He couldnt kill that little boy. No one knows why, or how, but theyre saying that when he couldnt kill Harry Potter, Voldemorts power somehow broke  and thats why hes gone. Dumbledore nodded glumly. Its  its true? faltered Professor McGonagall. After all hes done ... all the people hes killed ... he couldnt kill a little boy? Its just astounding ... of all the things to stop him ... but how in the name of heaven did Harry survive? We can only guess, said Dumbledore. We may never know. Professor McGonagall pulled out a lace handkerchief and dabbed at her eyes beneath her spectacles. Dumbledore gave a great sniff as he took a golden watch from his pocket and examined it. It was a very odd watch. It had twelve hands but no numbers; instead, little planets were moving around the edge. It must have made sense to Dumbledore, though, because he put it back in his pocket and said, Hagrids late. I suppose it was he who told you Id be here, by the way? Yes, said Professor McGonagall. And I dont suppose youre going to tell me why youre here, of all places? Ive come to bring Harry to his aunt and uncle. Theyre the only family he has left now. You dont mean  you cant mean the people who live here? cried Professor McGonagall, jumping to her Page I 14 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling feet and pointing at number four. Dumbledore  you eant. Ive been watehing them all day. You eouldnt find two people who are less like us. And theyve got this son  I saw him kieking his mother all the way up the street, sereaming for sweets. Harry Potter eome and live here! Its the best plaee for him, said Dumbledore firmly. His aunt and unele will be able to explain everything to him when hes older. Ive written them a letter. A letter? repeated Professor MeGonagall faintly, sitting baek down on the wall. Really, Dumbledore, you think you ean explain all this in a letter? These people will never understand him! Hell be famous  a legend  I wouldnt be surprised if today was known as Harry Potter Day in the future  there will be books written about Harry  every ehild in our world will know his name! Exaetly, said Dumbledore, looking very seriously over the top of his half-moon glasses. It would be enough to turn any boys head. Famous before he ean walk and talk! Famous for something he wont even remember! Cant you see how mueh better off hell be, growing up away from all that until hes ready to take it? Professor MeGonagall opened her mouth, ehanged her mind, swallowed, and then said, Yes  yes, youre right, of eourse. But how is the boy getting here, Dumbledore? She eyed his eloak suddenly as though she thought he might be hiding Harry underneath it. Hagrids bringing him. You think it  wise  to trust Hagrid with something as important as this? Page I 15 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling I would trust Hagrid with my life, said Dumbledore. Im not saying his heart isnt in the right plaee, said Professor MeGonagall grudgingly, but you eant pretend hes not eareless. He does tend to  what was that? A low rumbling sound had broken the silenee around them. It grew steadily louder as they looked up and down the street for some sign of a headlight; it swelled to a roar as they both looked up at the sky  and a huge motoreyele fell out of the air and landed on the road in front of them. If the motoreyele was huge, it was nothing to the man sitting astride it. He was almost twiee as tall as a normal man and at least five times as wide. He looked simply too big to be allowed, and so wild  long tangles of bushy blaek hair and beard hid most of his faee, he had hands the size of trash ean lids, and his feet in their leather boots were like baby dolphins. In his vast, museular arms he was holding a bundle of blankets. Hagrid, said Dumbledore, sounding relieved. At last. And where did you get that motoreyele? Borrowed it. Professor Dumbledore, sir, said the giant, elimbing earefully off the motoreyele as he spoke. Young Sirius Blaek lent it to me. Ive got him, sir. No problems, were there? No, sir  house was almost destroyed, but I got him out all right before the Muggles started swarmin around. He fell asleep as we was fiyin over Bristol. Page I 16 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a tuft of jet-blaek hair over his forehead they eould see a euriously shaped eut, like a bolt of lightning. Is that where  ? whispered Professor MeGonagall. Yes, said Dumbledore. Hell have that sear forever. Couldnt you do something about it, Dumbledore? Even if I eould, I wouldnt. Sears ean eome in handy. I have one myself above my left knee that is a perfeet map of the London Underground. Well  give him here, Hagrid  wed better get this over with. Dumbledore took Harry in his arms and turned toward the Dursleys house. Could I  eould I say good-bye to him, sir? asked Hagrid. He bent his great, shaggy head over Harry and gave him what must have been a very seratehy, whiskery kiss. Then, suddenly, Hagrid let out a howl like a wounded dog. Shhh! hissed Professor MeGonagall, youll wake the Muggles! S-s-sorry, sobbed Hagrid, taking out a large, spotted handkerehief and burying his faee in it. But I e-e- eant stand it  Lily an James dead  an poor little Harry off ter live with Muggles  Yes, yes, its all very sad, but get a grip on yourself, Hagrid, or well be found, Professor MeGonagall whispered, patting Hagrid gingerly on the arm as Dumbledore stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the front door. He laid Harry gently on the Page I 17 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling doorstep, took a letter out of his eloak, tueked it inside Harrys blankets, and then eame baek to the other two. For a full minute the three of them stood and looked at the little bundle; Hagrids shoulders shook. Professor MeGonagall blinked furiously, and the twinkling light that usually shone from Dumbledores eyes seemed to have gone out. Well, said Dumbledore finally, thats that. Weve no business staying here. We may as well go and join the eelebrations. Yeah, said Hagrid in a very muffled voiee, Id best get this bike away. Gnight, Professor MeGonagall  Professor Dumbledore, sir. Wiping his streaming eyes on his jaeket sleeve, Hagrid swung himself onto the motoreyele and kieked the engine into life; with a roar it rose into the air and off into the night. I shall see you soon, I expeet. Professor MeGonagall, said Dumbledore, nodding to her. Professor MeGonagall blew her nose in reply. Dumbledore turned and walked baek down the street. On the eorner he stopped and took out the silver Put- Outer. He elieked it onee, and twelve balls of light sped baek to their street lamps so that Privet Drive glowed suddenly orange and he eould make out a tabby eat slinking around the eorner at the other end of the street. He eould just see the bundle of blankets on the step of number four. Good luek, Harry, he murmured. He turned on his heel and with a swish of his eloak, he was gone. A breeze ruffled the neat hedges of Privet Drive, whieh lay silent and tidy under the inky sky, the very last Page I 18 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling place you would expect astonishing things to happen. Harry Potter rolled over inside his blankets without waking up. One small hand closed on the letter beside him and he slept on, not knowing he was special, not knowing he was famous, not knowing he would be woken in a few hours time by Mrs. Dursleys scream as she opened the front door to put out the milk bottles, nor that he would spend the next few weeks being prodded and pinched by his cousin Dudley. ... He couldnt know that at this very moment, people meeting in secret all over the country were holding up their glasses and saying in hushed voices To Harry Potter  the boy who lived! Page I 19 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling THE VANASHIG GLASS Nearly ten years had passed sinee the Dursleys had woken up to find their nephew on the front step, but Privet Drive had hardly ehanged at all. The sun rose on the same tidy front gardens and lit up the brass number four on the Dursleys front door; it erept into their living room, whieh was almost exaetly the same as it had been on the night when Mr. Dursley had seen that fateful news report about the owls. Only the photographs on the mantelpieee really showed how mueh time had passed. Ten years ago, there had been lots of pietures of what looked like a large pink beaeh ball wearing different-eolored bonnets  but Dudley Dursley was no longer a baby, and now the photographs showed a large blond boy riding his first bieyele, on a earousel at the fair, playing a eomputer game with his father, being hugged and kissed by his mother. The room held no sign at all that another boy lived in the house, too. Yet Harry Potter was still there, asleep at the moment, but not for long. His Aunt Petunia was awake and it Page I 20 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling was her shrill voice that made the first noise of the day. Up! Get up! Now! Harry woke with a start. His aunt rapped on the door again. Up! she screeched. Harry heard her walking toward the kitchen and then the sound of the frying pan being put on the stove. He rolled onto his back and tried to remember the dream he had been having. It had been a good one. There had been a flying motorcycle in it. He had a funny feeling hed had the same dream before. His aunt was back outside the door. Are you up yet? she demanded. Nearly, said Harry. Well, get a move on, I want you to look after the bacon. And dont you dare let it burn, I want everything perfect on Buddys birthday. Harry groaned. What did you say? his aunt snapped through the door. Nothing, nothing ... Dudleys birthday  how could he have forgotten? Harry got slowly out of bed and started looking for socks. He found a pair under his bed and, after pulling a spider off one of them, put them on. Harry was used to spiders, because the cupboard under the stairs was full of them, and that was where he slept. Page I 21 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling When he was dressed he went down the hall into the kitehen. The table was almost hidden beneath all Dudleys birthday presents. It looked as though Dudley had gotten the new eomputer he wanted, not to mention the seeond television and the raeing bike. Exaetly why Dudley wanted a raeing bike was a mystery to Harry, as Dudley was very fat and hated exereise  unless of eourse it involved punehing somebody. Dudleys favorite punehing bag was Harry, but he eouldnt often eateh him. Harry didnt look it, but he was very fast. Perhaps it had something to do with living in a dark eupboard, but Harry had always been small and skinny for his age. He looked even smaller and skinnier than he really was beeause all he had to wear were old elothes of Dudleys, and Dudley was about four times bigger than he was. Harry had a thin faee, knobbly knees, blaek hair, and bright green eyes. He wore round glasses held together with a lot of Seoteh tape beeause of all the times Dudley had punehed him on the nose. The only thing Harry liked about his own appearanee was a very thin sear on his forehead that was shaped like a bolt of lightning. He had had it as long as he eould remember, and the first question he eould ever remember asking his Aunt Petunia was how he had gotten it. In the ear erash when your parents died, she had said. And dont ask questions. Dont ask questions  that was the first rule for a quiet life with the Dursleys. Unele Vernon entered the kitehen as Harry was turning over the baeon. Comb your hair! he barked, by way of a morning greeting. Page I 22 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling About once a week, Unele Vernon looked over the top of his newspaper and shouted that Harry needed a haireut. Harry must have had more haireuts than the rest of the boys in his elass put together, but it made no differenee, his hair simply grew that way  all over the plaee. Harry was frying eggs by the time Dudley arrived in the kitehen with his mother. Dudley looked a lot like Unele Vernon. He had a large pink faee, not mueh neek, small, watery blue eyes, and thiek blond hair that lay smoothly on his thiek, fat head. Aunt Petunia often said that Dudley looked like a baby angel  Harry often said that Dudley looked like a pig in a wig. Harry put the plates of egg and baeon on the table, whieh was diffieult as there wasnt mueh room. Dudley, meanwhile, was eounting his presents. His faee fell. Thirty-six, he said, looking up at his mother and father. Thats two less than last year. Darling, you havent eounted Auntie Marges present, see, its here under this big one from Mommy and Daddy. All right, thirty-seven then, said Dudley, going red in the faee. Harry, who eould see a huge Dudley tantrum eoming on, began wolfing down his baeon as fast as possible in ease Dudley turned the table over. Aunt Petunia obviously seented danger, too, beeause she said quiekly, And well buy you another two presents while were out today. Hows that, popkin? Two more presents. Is that all right? Page I 23 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Dudley thought for a moment. It looked like hard work. Finally he said slowly, So Ill have thirty ... thirty ... Thirty-nine, sweetums, said Aunt Petunia. Oh. Dudley sat down heavily and grabbed the nearest pareel. All right then. Unele Vernon ehuekled. Little tyke wants his moneys worth, just like his father. Atta boy, Dudley! He ruffled Dudleys hair. At that moment the telephone rang and Aunt Petunia went to answer it while Harry and Unele Vernon watehed Dudley unwrap the raeing bike, a video eamera, a remote eontrol airplane, sixteen new eomputer games, and a VCR. He was ripping the paper off a gold wristwateh when Aunt Petunia eame baek from the telephone looking both angry and worried. Bad news, Vernon, she said. Mrs. Figgs broken her leg. She eant take him. She jerked her head in Harrys direetion. Dudleys mouth fell open in horror, but Harrys heart gave a leap. Every year on Dudleys birthday, his parents took him and a friend out for the day, to adventure parks, hamburger restaurants, or the movies. Every year, Harry was left behind with Mrs. Figg, a mad old lady who lived two streets away. Harry hated it there. The whole house smelled of eabbage and Mrs. Figg made him look at photographs of all the eats shed ever owned. Now what? said Aunt Petunia, looking furiously at Harry as though hed planned this. Harry knew he Page I 24 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling ought to feel sorry that Mrs. Figg had broken her leg, but it wasnt easy when he reminded himself it would be a whole year before he had to look at Tibbies, Snowy, Mr. Paws, and Tufty again. We eould phone Marge, Unele Vernon suggested. Dont be silly, Vernon, she hates the boy. The Dursleys often spoke about Harry like this, as though he wasnt there  or rather, as though he was something very nasty that eouldnt understand them, like a slug. What about whats-her-name, your friend  Yvonne? On vaeation in Majorea, snapped Aunt Petunia. You eould just leave me here, Harry put in hopefully hed be able to wateh what he wanted on television for a ehange and maybe even have a go on Dudleys eomputer. Aunt Petunia looked as though shed just swallowed a lemon. And eome baek and find the house in ruins? she snarled. I wont blow up the house, said Harry, but they werent listening. I suppose we eould take him to the zoo, said Aunt Petunia slowly, ... and leave him in the ear. ... That ears new, hes not sitting in it alone. ... Page I 25 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Dudley began to ery loudly. In faet, he wasnt really erying  it had been years sinee hed really eried  but he knew that if he serewed up his faee and wailed, his mother would give him anything he wanted. Dinky Duddydums, dont ery, Mummy wont let him spoil your speeial day! she eried, flinging her arms around him. I ... dont ... want ... him ... t-t-to eome! Dudley yelled between huge, pretend sobs. He always sp- spoils everything! He shot Harry a nasty grin through the gap in his mothers arms. Just then, the doorbell rang  Oh, good Lord, theyre here! said Aunt Petunia frantieally  and a moment later, Dudleys best friend. Piers Polkiss, walked in with his mother. Piers was a serawny boy with a faee like a rat. He was usually the one who held peoples arms behind their baeks while Dudley hit them. Dudley stopped pretending to ery at onee. Half an hour later, Harry, who eouldnt believe his luek, was sitting in the baek of the Dursleys ear with Piers and Dudley, on the way to the zoo for the first time in his life. His aunt and unele hadnt been able to think of anything else to do with him, but before theyd left, Unele Vernon had taken Harry aside. Im warning you, he had said, putting his large purple faee right up elose to Harrys, Im warning you now, boy  any funny business, anything at all  and you 11 be in that eupboard from now until Christmas. Im not going to do anything, said Harry, honestly Page I 26 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling But Uncle Vernon didnt believe him. No one ever did. The problem was, strange things often happened around Harry and it was just no good telling the Dursleys he didnt make them happen. Onee, Aunt Petunia, tired of Harry eoming baek from the barbers looking as though he hadnt been at all, had taken a pair of kitehen seissors and out his hair so short he was almost bald exeept for his bangs, whieh she left to hide that horrible sear. Dudley had laughed himself silly at Harry, who spent a sleepless night imagining sehool the next day, where he was already laughed at for his baggy elothes and taped glasses. Next morning, however, he had gotten up to find his hair exaetly as it had been before Aunt Petunia had sheared it off. He had been given a week in his eupboard for this, even though he had tried to explain that he couldnt explain how it had grown baek so quiekly. Another time. Aunt Petunia had been trying to foree him into a revolting old sweater of Dudleys brown with orange puff balls. The harder she tried to pull it over his head, the smaller it seemed to beeome, until finally it might have fitted a hand puppet, but eertainly wouldnt fit Harry. Aunt Petunia had deeided it must have shrunk in the wash and, to his great relief, Harry wasnt punished. On the other hand, hed gotten into terrible trouble for being found on the roof of the sehool kitehens. Dudleys gang had been ehasing him as usual when, as mueh to Harrys surprise as anyone elses, there he was sitting on the ehimney. The Dursleys had reeeived a very angry letter from Harrys headmistress telling them Harry had been elimbing sehool buildings. But all hed tried to do as he shouted at Unele Vernon through the loeked door of his Page I 27 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling cupboard was jump behind the big trash eans outside the kitehen doors. Harry supposed that the wind must have eaught him in mid-jump. But today, nothing was going to go wrong. It was even worth being with Dudley and Piers to be spending the day somewhere that wasnt sehool, his eupboard, or Mrs. Figgs eabbage-smelling living room. While he drove, Unele Vernon eomplained to Aunt Petunia. He liked to eomplain about things people at work, Harry, the eouneil, Harry, the bank, and Harry were just a few of his favorite subjeets. This morning, it was motoreyeles. "... roaring along like maniaes, the young hoodlums, he said, as a motoreyele overtook them. I had a dream about a motoreyele, said Harry, remembering suddenly. It was flying. Unele Vernon nearly erashed into the ear in front. He turned right around in his seat and yelled at Harry, his faee like a gigantie beet with a mustaehe MOTORCYCLES DONT FLY! Dudley and Piers sniggered. I know they dont, said Harry. It was only a dream. But he wished he hadnt said anything. If there was one thing the Dursleys hated even more than his asking questions, it was his talking about anything aeting in a way it shouldnt, no matter if it was in a dream or even a eartoon  they seemed to think he might get dangerous ideas. It was a very sunny Saturday and the zoo was erowded with families. The Dursleys bought Dudley Page I 28 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling and Piers large ehoeolate iee ereams at the entranee and then, beeause the smiling lady in the van had asked Harry what he wanted before they eould hurry him away, they bought him a eheap lemon iee pop. It wasnt bad, either, Harry thought, lieking it as they watehed a gorilla seratehing its head who looked remarkably like Dudley, exeept that it wasnt blond. Harry had the best morning hed had in a long time. He was eareful to walk a little way apart from the Dursleys so that Dudley and Piers, who were starting to get bored with the animals by lunehtime, wouldnt fall baek on their favorite hobby of hitting him. They ate in the zoo restaurant, and when Dudley had a tantrrrm beeause his kniekerboeker glory didnt have enough iee eream on top, Unele Vernon bought him another one and Harry was allowed to finish the first. Harry felt, afterward, that he should have known it was all too good to last. After luneh they went to the reptile house. It was eool and dark in there, with lit windows all along the walls. Behind the glass, all sorts of lizards and snakes were erawling and slithering over bits of wood and stone. Dudley and Piers wanted to see huge, poisonous eobras and thiek, man-errrshing pythons. Dudley quiekly found the largest snake in the plaee. It eould have wrapped its body twiee around Unele Vernons ear and errrshed it into a trash ean  but at the moment it didnt look in the mood. In faet, it was fast asleep. Dudley stood with his nose pressed against the glass, staring at the glistening brown eoils. Make it move, he whined at his father. Unele Vernon tapped on the glass, but the snake didnt budge. Page I 29 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Do it again, Dudley ordered. Unele Vernon rapped the glass smartly with his knuekles, but the snake just snoozed on. This is boring, Dudley moaned. He shuffled away. Harry moved in front of the tank and looked intently at the snake. He wouldnt have been surprised if it had died of boredom itself  no eompany exeept stupid people drumming their fingers on the glass trying to disturb it all day long. It was worse than having a eupboard as a bedroom, where the only visitor was Aunt Petunia hammering on the door to wake you up; at least he got to visit the rest of the house. The snake suddenly opened its beady eyes. Slowly, very slowly, it raised its head until its eyes were on a level with Harrys. It winked. Harry stared. Then he looked quiekly around to see if anyone was watehing. They werent. He looked baek at the snake and winked, too. The snake jerked its head toward Unele Vernon and Dudley, then raised its eyes to the eeiling. It gave Harry a look that said quite plainly I get that all the time. I know, Harry murmured through the glass, though he wasnt sure the snake eould hear him. It must be really annoying. The snake nodded vigorously. Where do you eome from, an3rway? Harry asked. Page I 30 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling The snake jabbed its tail at a little sign next to the glass. Harry peered at it. Boa Constrietor, Brazil. Was it niee there? The boa eonstrietor jabbed its tail at the sign again and Harry read on This speeimen was bred in the zoo. Oh, I see  so youve never been to Brazil? As the snake shook its head, a deafening shout behind Harry made both of them jump. DUDLEY! MR. DURSLEY! COME AND LOOK AT THIS SNAKE! YOU WONT BELIEVE WHAT ITS DOING! Dudley eame waddling toward them as fast as he eould. Out of the way, you, he said, punehing Harry in the ribs. Caught by surprise, Harry fell hard on the eonerete floor. What eame next happened so fast no one saw how it happened  one seeond. Piers and Dudley were leaning right up elose to the glass, the next, they had leapt baek with howls of horror. Harry sat up and gasped; the glass front of the boa eonstrietors tank had vanished. The great snake was uneoiling itself rapidly, slithering out onto the floor. People throughout the reptile house sereamed and started rurnning for the exits. As the snake slid swiftly past him, Harry eould have sworn a low, hissing voiee said, Brazil, here I eome. ... Thanksss, amigo. The keeper of the reptile house was in shoek. Page I 31 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling But the glass, he kept saying, where did the glass go? The zoo direetor himself made Aunt Petunia a eup of strong, sweet tea while he apologized over and over again. Piers and Dudley eould only gibber. As far as Harry had seen, the snake hadnt done anything exeept snap playfully at their heels as it passed, but by the time they were all baek in Unele Vernons ear, Dudley was telling them how it had nearly bitten off his leg, while Piers was swearing it had tried to squeeze him to death. But worst of all, for Harry at least, was Piers ealming down enough to say, Harry was talking to it, werent you, Harry? Unele Vernon waited until Piers was safely out of the house before starting on Harry. He was so angry he eould hardly speak. He managed to say, Go  eupboard  stay  no meals, before he eollapsed into a ehair, and Aunt Petunia had to run and get him a large brandy. Harry lay in his dark eupboard mueh later, wishing he had a wateh. He didnt know what time it was and he eouldnt be sure the Dursleys were asleep yet. Until they were, he eouldnt risk sneaking to the kitehen for some food. Hed lived with the Dursleys almost ten years, ten miserable years, as long as he eould remember, ever sinee hed been a baby and his parents had died in that ear erash. He eouldnt remember being in the ear when his parents had died. Sometimes, when he strained his memory during long hours in his eupboard, he eame up with a strange vision a blinding flash of green light and a burning pain on his forehead. This, he supposed, was the erash, though he eouldnt imagine where all the green light eame from. He eouldnt remember his parents at all. His Page I 32 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling aunt and uncle never spoke about them, and of eourse he was forbidden to ask questions. There were no photographs of them in the house. When he had been younger, Harry had dreamed and dreamed of some unknown relation eoming to take him away, but it had never happened; the Dursleys were his only family. Yet sometimes he thought or maybe hoped that strangers in the street seemed to know him. Very strange strangers they were, too. A tiny man in a violet top hat had bowed to him onee while out shopping with Aunt Petunia and Dudley. After asking Harry furiously if he knew the man. Aunt Petunia had mshed them out of the shop without buying anything. A wild-looking old woman dressed all in green had waved merrily at him onee on a bus. A bald man in a very long purple eoat had aetually shaken his hand in the street the other day and then walked away without a word. The weirdest thing about all these people was the way they seemed to vanish the seeond Harry tried to get a eloser look. At sehool, Harry had no one. Everybody knew that Dudleys gang hated that odd Harry Potter in his baggy old elothes and broken glasses, and nobody liked to disagree with Dudleys gang. Page I 33 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling J THE LETTERS FROM NO ONE The escape of the Brazilian boa constrictor earned Harry his longest-ever punishment. By the time he was allowed out of his cupboard again, the summer holidays had started and Dudley had already broken his new video camera, crashed his remote control airplane, and, first time out on his racing bike, knocked down old Mrs. Figg as she crossed Privet Drive on her crutches. Harry was glad school was over, but there was no escaping Dudleys gang, who visited the house every single day. Piers, Dennis, Malcolm, and Gordon were all big and stupid, but as Dudley was the biggest and stupidest of the lot, he was the leader. The rest of them were all quite happy to join in Dudleys favorite sport Harry Hunting. This was why Harry spent as much time as possible out of the house, wandering around and thinking about the end of the holidays, where he could see a tiny ray of hope. When September came he would be going off to secondary school and, for the first time in Page I 34 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling his life, he wouldnt be with Dudley. Dudley had been aeeepted at Unele Vernons old private sehool, Smeltings. Piers Polkiss was going there too. Harry, on the other hand, was going to Stonewall High, the loeal publie sehool. Dudley thought this was very funny. They stuff peoples heads down the toilet the first day at Stonewall, he told Harry. Want to eome upstairs and praetiee? No, thanks, said Harry. The poor toilets never had anything as horrible as your head down it  it might be siek. Then he ran, before Dudley eould work out what hed said. One day in July, Aunt Petunia took Dudley to London to buy his Smeltings uniform, leaving Harry at Mrs. Figgs. Mrs. Figg wasnt as bad as usual. It turned out shed broken her leg tripping over one of her eats, and she didnt seem quite as fond of them as before. She let Harry wateh television and gave him a bit of ehoeolate eake that tasted as though shed had it for several years. That evening, Dudley paraded around the living room for the family in his brand-new uniform. Smeltings boys wore maroon taileoats, orange kniekerboekers, and flat straw hats ealled boaters. They also earned knobbly stieks, used for hitting eaeh other while the teaehers werent looking. This was supposed to be good training for later life. As he looked at Dudley in his new kniekerboekers, Unele Vernon said gruffly that it was the proudest moment of his life. Aunt Petunia burst into tears and said she eouldnt believe it was her lekle Dudley kins, he looked so handsome and grown-up. Harry didnt Page I 35 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling trust himself to speak. He thought two of his ribs might already have eraeked from trying not to laugh. it it it There was a horrible smell in the kitehen the next morning when Harry went in for breakfast. It seemed to be eoming from a large metal tub in the sink. He went to have a look. The tub was full of what looked like dirty rags swimming in gray water. Whats this? he asked Aunt Petunia. Her lips tightened as they always did if he dared to ask a question. Your new sehool uniform, she said. Harry looked in the bowl again. Oh, he said, I didnt realize it had to be so wet. Dont be stupid, snapped Aunt Petunia. Im dyeing some of Dudleys old things gray for you. Itll look just like everyone elses when Ive finished. Harry seriously doubted this, but thought it best not to argue. He sat down at the table and tried not to think about how he was going to look on his first day at Stonewall High  like he was wearing bits of old elephant skin, probably. Dudley and Unele Vernon eame in, both with wrinkled noses beeause of the smell from Harrys new uniform. Unele Vernon opened his newspaper as usual and Dudley banged his Smelting stiek, whieh he earried everywhere, on the table. They heard the eliek of the mail slot and flop of letters on the doormat. Page I 36 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Get the mail, Dudley, said Unele Vernon from behind his paper. Make Harry get it. Get the mail, Harry. Make Dudley get it. Poke him with your Smelting stiek, Dudley. Harry dodged the Smelting stiek and went to get the mail. Three things lay on the doormat a posteard from Unele Vernons sister Marge, who was vaeationing on the Isle of Wight, a brown envelope that looked like a bill, and  a letter for Harry. Harry pieked it up and stared at it, his heart twanging like a giant elastie band. No one, ever, in his whole life, had written to him. Who would? He had no friends, no other relatives  he didnt belong to the library, so hed never even got rrrde notes asking for books baek. Yet here it was, a letter, addressed so plainly there eould be no mistake Mr. H. Potter The Cupboard under the Stairs 4 Privet Drive Little Whinging Surrey The envelope was thiek and heavy, made of yellowish parehment, and the address was written in emerald- green ink. There was no stamp. Page I 37 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Turning the envelope over, his hand trembling, Harry saw a purple wax seal bearing a eoat of arms; a lion, an eagle, a badger, and a snake surrounding a large letter H. Hurry up, boy! shouted Unele Vernon from the kitehen. What are you doing, eheeking for letter bombs? He ehuekled at his own joke. Harry went baek to the kitehen, still staring at his letter. He handed Unele Vernon the bill and the posteard, sat down, and slowly began to open the yellow envelope. Unele Vernon ripped open the bill, snorted in disgust, and flipped over the posteard. Marges ill, he informed Aunt Petunia. Ate a funny whelk ... Dad! said Dudley suddenly. Dad, Harrys got something! Harry was on the point of unfolding his letter, whieh was written on the same heavy parehment as the envelope, when it was jerked sharply out of his hand by Unele Vernon. Thats mine! said Harry, trying to snateh it baek. Whod be writing to you? sneered Unele Vernon, shaking the letter open with one hand and glaneing at it. His faee went from red to green faster than a set of traffie lights. And it didnt stop there. Within seeonds it was the grayish white of old porridge. P-P-Petunia! he gasped. Page I 38 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Dudley tried to grab the letter to read it, but Unele Vernon held it high out of his reaeh. Aunt Petunia took it euriously and read the first line. For a moment it looked as though she might faint. She elutehed her throat and made a ehoking noise. Vernon! Oh my goodness  Vernon! They stared at eaeh other, seeming to have forgotten that Harry and Dudley were still in the room. Dudley wasnt used to being ignored. He gave his father a sharp tap on the head with his Smelting stiek. I want to read that letter, he said loudly. I want to read it, said Harry furiously, as its mine. Get out, both of you, eroaked Unele Vernon, stuffing the letter baek inside its envelope. Harry didnt move. I WANT MY LETTER! he shouted. Let me see it! demanded Dudley. OUT! roared Unele Vernon, and he took both Harry and Dudley by the seruffs of their neeks and threw them into the hall, slamming the kitehen door behind them. Harry and Dudley promptly had a furious but silent fight over who would listen at the keyhole; Dudley won, so Harry, his glasses dangling from one ear, lay flat on his stomaeh to listen at the eraek between door and floor. Vernon, Aunt Petunia was saying in a quivering voiee, look at the address  how eould they possibly know where he sleeps? You dont think theyre watehing the house? Page I 39 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Watching  spying  might be following us, muttered Unele Vernon wildly. But what should we do, Vernon? Should we write baek? Tell them we dont want  Harry eould see Unele Vernons shiny blaek shoes paeing up and down the kitehen. No, he said finally. No, well ignore it. If they dont get an answer. ... Yes, thats best ... we wont do anything. ... But  Im not having one in the house. Petunia! Didnt we swear when we took him in wed stamp out that dangerous nonsense? That evening when he got baek from work, Unele Vernon did something hed never done before; he visited Harry in his eupboard. Wheres my letter? said Harry, the moment Unele Vernon had squeezed through the door. Whos writing to me? No one. It was addressed to you by mistake, said Unele Vernon shortly. I have burned it. It was not a mistake, said Harry angrily, it had my eupboard on it. SILENCE! yelled Unele Vernon, and a eouple of spiders fell from the eeiling. He took a few deep breaths and then foreed his faee into a smile, whieh looked quite painful. Page I 40 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Er  yes, Harry  about this cupboard. Your aunt and I have been thinking ... youre really getting a bit big for it ... we think it might be nice if you moved into Dudleys second bedroom. Why? said Harry. Dont ask questions! snapped his uncle. Take this stuff upstairs, now. The Dursleys house had four bedrooms one for Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia, one for visitors usually Uncle Vernons sister. Marge, one where Dudley slept, and one where Dudley kept all the toys and things that wouldnt fit into his first bedroom. It only took Harry one trip upstairs to move everything he owned from the cupboard to this room. He sat down on the bed and stared around him. Nearly everything in here was broken. The month-old video camera was lying on top of a small, working tank Dudley had once driven over the next door neighbors dog; in the corner was Dudleys first-ever television set, which hed put his foot through when his favorite program had been canceled; there was a large birdcage, which had once held a parrot that Dudley had swapped at school for a real air rifle, which was up on a shelf with the end all bent because Dudley had sat on it. Other shelves were full of books. They were the only things in the room that looked as though theyd never been touched. From downstairs came the sound of Dudley bawling at his mother, I dont want him in there ... I need that room ... make him get out. ... Harry sighed and stretched out on the bed. Yesterday hed have given anything to be up here. Today hed rather be back in his cupboard with that letter than up here without it. Page I 41 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Next morning at breakfast, everyone was rather quiet. Dudley was in shoek. Hed sereamed, whaeked his father with his Smelting stiek, been siek on purpose, kieked his mother, and thrown his tortoise through the greenhouse roof, and he still didnt have his room baek. Harry was thinking about this time yesterday and bitterly wishing hed opened the letter in the hall. Unele Vernon and Aunt Petunia kept looking at eaeh other darkly. When the mail arrived, Unele Vernon, who seemed to be trying to be niee to Harry, made Dudley go and get it. They heard him banging things with his Smelting stiek all the way down the hall. Then he shouted, Theres another one! Mr. H. Potter, The Smallest Bedroom, 4 Privet Drive   With a strangled ery, Unele Vernon leapt from his seat and ran down the hall, Harry right behind him. Unele Vernon had to wrestle Dudley to the ground to get the letter from him, whieh was made diffieult by the faet that Harry had grabbed Unele Vernon around the neek from behind. After a minute of eonfused fighting, in whieh everyone got hit a lot by the Smelting stiek, Unele Vernon straightened up, gasping for breath, with Harrys letter elutehed in his hand. Go to your eupboard  I mean, your bedroom, he wheezed at Harry. Dudley  go just go. Harry walked round and round his new room. Someone knew he had moved out of his eupboard and they seemed to know he hadnt reeeived his first letter. Surely that meant theyd try again? And this time hed make sure they didnt fail. He had a plan. The repaired alarm eloek rang at six oeloek the next morning. Harry turned it off quiekly and dressed Page I 42 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling silently. He mustnt wake the Dursleys. He stole downstairs without turning on any of the lights. He was going to wait for the postman on the eorner of Privet Drive and get the letters for number four first. His heart hammered as he erept aeross the dark hall toward the front door  AAAAARRRGH! Harry leapt into the air; hed trodden on something big and squashy on the doormat  something alive Lights elieked on upstairs and to his horror Harry realized that the big, squashy something had been his uneles faee. Unele Vernon had been lying at the foot of the front door in a sleeping bag, elearly making sure that Harry didnt do exaetly what hed been trying to do. He shouted at Harry for about half an hour and then told him to go and make a eup of tea. Harry shuffled miserably off into the kitehen and by the time he got baek, the mail had arrived, right into Unele Vernons lap. Harry eould see three letters addressed in green ink. I want  he began, but Unele Vernon was tearing the letters into pieees before his eyes. Unele Vernon didnt go to work that day. He stayed at home and nailed up the mail slot. See, he explained to Aunt Petunia through a mouthful of nails, if they eant deliver them theyll just give up. Im not sure thatll work, Vernon. Oh, these peoples minds work in strange ways. Petunia, theyre not like you and me, said Unele Page I 43 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Vernon, trying to knock in a nail with the piece of fruitcake Aunt Petunia had just brought him. On Friday, no less than twelve letters arrived for Harry. As they couldnt go through the mail slot they had been pushed under the door, slotted through the sides, and a few even forced through the small window in the downstairs bathroom. Uncle Vernon stayed at home again. After burning all the letters, he got out a hammer and nails and boarded up the cracks around the front and back doors so no one could go out. He hummed Tiptoe Through the Tulips as he worked, and jumped at small noises. On Saturday, things began to get out of hand. Twenty-four letters to Harry found their way into the house, rolled up and hidden inside each of the two dozen eggs that their very confused milkman had handed Aunt Petunia through the living room window. While Uncle Vernon made furious telephone calls to the post office and the dairy trying to find someone to complain to. Aunt Petunia shredded the letters in her food processor. Who on earth wants to talk to you this badly? Dudley asked Harry in amazement. "k it "k On Sunday morning. Uncle Vernon sat down at the breakfast table looking tired and rather ill, but happy. No post on Sundays, he reminded them cheerfully as he spread marmalade on his newspapers, no damn letters today  Page I 44 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Something came whizzing down the kitchen chimney as he spoke and caught him sharply on the back of the head. Next moment, thirty or forty letters came pelting out of the fireplace like bullets. The Dursleys ducked, but Harry leapt into the air trying to catch one  Out! OUT! Uncle Vernon seized Harry around the waist and threw him into the hall. When Aunt Petunia and Dudley had mn out with their arms over their faces. Uncle Vernon slammed the door shut. They could hear the letters still streaming into the room, bouncing off the walls and floor. That does it, said Uncle Vernon, trying to speak calmly but pulling great tufts out of his mustache at the same time. I want you all back here in five minutes ready to leave. Were going away. Just pack some clothes. No arguments! He looked so dangerous with half his mustache missing that no one dared argue. Ten minutes later they had wrenched their way through the boarded-up doors and were in the car, speeding toward the highway. Dudley was sniffling in the back seat; his father had hit him round the head for holding them up while he tried to pack his television, VCR, and computer in his sports bag. They drove. And they drove. Even Aunt Petunia didnt dare ask where they were going. Every now and then Uncle Vernon would take a sharp turn and drive in the opposite direction for a while. Shake em off ... shake em off, he would mutter whenever he did this. Page I 45 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling They didnt stop to eat or drink all day. By nightfall Dudley was howling. Hed never had sueh a bad day in his life. He was hungry, hed missed five television programs hed wanted to see, and hed never gone so long without blowing up an alien on his eomputer. Unele Vernon stopped at last outside a gloomy- looking hotel on the outskirts of a big eity. Dudley and Harry shared a room with twin beds and damp, musty sheets. Dudley snored but Harry stayed awake, sitting on the windowsill, staring down at the lights of passing ears and wondering... They ate stale eornfiakes and eold tinned tomatoes on toast for breakfast the next day. They had just finished when the owner of the hotel eame over to their table.  Sense me, but is one of you Mr. H. Potter? Only I got about an undred of these at the front desk. She held up a letter so they eould read the green ink address Mr. H. Potter Room 17 Railview Hotel Cokeworth Harry made a grab for the letter but Unele Vernon knoeked his hand out of the way. The woman stared. Ill take them, said Unele Vernon, standing up quiekly and following her from the dining room. 'k 'k 'k Page I 46 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Wouldnt it be better just to go home, dear? Aunt Petunia suggested timidly, hours later, but Unele Vernon didnt seem to hear her. Exaetly what he was looking for, none of them knew. He drove them into the middle of a forest, got out, looked around, shook his head, got baek in the ear, and off they went again. The same thing happened in the middle of a plowed field, halfway aeross a suspension bridge, and at the top of a multilevel parking garage. Daddys gone mad, hasnt he? Dudley asked Aunt Petunia dully late that afternoon. Unele Vernon had parked at the eoast, loeked them all inside the ear, and disappeared. It started to rain. Great drops beat on the roof of the ear. Dudley sniveled. Its Monday, he told his mother. The Great Humbertos on tonight. I want to stay somewhere with a television. Monday. This reminded Harry of something. If it was Monday  and you eould usually eount on Dudley to know the days of the week, beeause of television  then tomorrow, Tuesday, was Harrys eleventh birthday. Of eourse, his birthdays were never exaetly fun  last year, the Dursleys had given him a eoat hanger and a pair of Unele Vernons old soeks. Still, you werent eleven every day. Unele Vernon was baek and he was smiling. He was also earrying a long, thin paekage and didnt answer Aunt Petunia when she asked what hed bought. Found the perfeet plaee! he said. Come on! Everyone out! Page I 47 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling It was very cold outside the car. Uncle Vernon was pointing at what looked like a large rock way out at sea. Perched on top of the rock was the most miserable little shack you could imagine. One thing was certain, there was no television in there. Storm forecast for tonight! said Uncle Vernon gleefully, clapping his hands together. And this gentlemans kindly agreed to lend us his boat! A toothless old man came ambling up to them, pointing, with a rather wicked grin, at an old rowboat bobbing in the iron-gray water below them. Ive already got us some rations, said Uncle Vernon, so all aboard! It was freezing in the boat. Icy sea spray and rain crept down their necks and a chilly wind whipped their faces. After what seemed like hours they reached the rock, where Uncle Vernon, slipping and sliding, led the way to the broken-down house. The inside was horrible; it smelled strongly of seaweed, the wind whistled through the gaps in the wooden walls, and the fireplace was damp and empty. There were only two rooms. Uncle Vernons rations turned out to be a bag of chips each and four bananas. He tried to start a fire but the empty chip bags just smoked and shriveled up. Could do with some of those letters now, eh? he said cheerfully. He was in a very good mood. Obviously he thought nobody stood a chance of reaching them here in a storm to deliver mail. Harry privately agreed, though the thought didnt cheer him up at all. Page I 48 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling As night fell, the promised storm blew up around them. Spray from the high waves splattered the walls of the hut and a fieree wind rattled the filthy windows. Aunt Petunia found a few moldy blankets in the seeond room and made up a bed for Dudley on the moth-eaten sofa. She and Unele Vernon went off to the lumpy bed next door, and Harry was left to find the softest bit of floor he eould and to eurl up under the thinnest, most ragged blanket. The storm raged more and more feroeiously as the night went on. Harry eouldnt sleep. He shivered and turned over, trying to get eomfortable, his stomaeh mmbling with hunger. Dudleys snores were drowned by the low rolls of thunder that started near midnight. The lighted dial of Dudleys wateh, whieh was dangling over the edge of the sofa on his fat wrist, told Harry hed be eleven in ten minutes time. He lay and watehed his birthday tiek nearer, wondering if the Dursleys would remember at all, wondering where the letter writer was now. Five minutes to go. Harry heard something ereak outside. He hoped the roof wasnt going to fall in, although he might be warmer if it did. Four minutes to go. Maybe the house in Privet Drive would be so full of letters when they got baek that hed be able to steal one somehow. Three minutes to go. Was that the sea, slapping hard on the roek like that? And two minutes to go what was that funny errrnehing noise? Was the roek erumbling into the sea? One minute to go and hed be eleven. Thirty seeonds ... twenty ... ten ... nine  maybe hed wake Dudley up, just to annoy him  three ... two ... one ... BOOM. Page I 49 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling The whole shaek shivered and Harry sat bolt upright, staring at the door. Someone was outside, knoeking to eome in. Page I 50 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling THE KEEPER OF THE KEYS BOOM. They knocked again. Dudley jerked awake. Wheres the cannon? he said stupidly. There was a crash behind them and Uncle Vernon came skidding into the room. He was holding a rifle in his hands  now they knew what had been in the long, thin package he had brought with them. Whos there? he shouted. I warn you  Im armed! There was a pause. Then  SMASH! The door was hit with such force that it swung clean off its hinges and with a deafening crash landed flat on the floor. A giant of a man was standing in the doorway. His face was almost completely hidden by a long, shaggy mane of hair and a wild, tangled beard, but you could Page I 51 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling make out his eyes, glinting like blaek beetles under all the hair. The giant squeezed his way into the hut, stooping so that his head just brushed the eeiling. He bent down, pieked up the door, and fitted it easily baek into its frame. The noise of the storm outside dropped a little. He turned to look at them all. Couldnt make us a eup o tea, eould yeh? Its not been an easy journey. ... He strode over to the sofa where Dudley sat frozen with fear. Budge up, yeh great lump, said the stranger. Dudley squeaked and ran to hide behind his mother, who was erouehing, terrified, behind Unele Vernon. An heres Harry! said the giant. Harry looked up into the fieree, wild, shadowy faee and saw that the beetle eyes were erinkled in a smile. Las time I saw you, you was only a baby, said the giant. Yeh look a lot like yer dad, but yehve got yer moms eyes. Unele Vernon made a funny rasping noise. I demand that you leave at onee, sir! he said. You are breaking and entering! Ah, shut up, Dursley, yeh great prune, said the giant; he reaehed over the baek of the sofa, jerked the gun out of Unele Vernons hands, bent it into a knot as easily as if it had been made of rubber, and threw it into a eorner of the room. Page I 52 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Uncle Vernon made another funny noise, like a mouse being trodden on. Anyway  Harry, said the giant, turning his baek on the Dursleys, a very happy birthday to yeh. Got summat fer yeh here  I mighta sat on it at some point, but itll taste all right. From an inside poeket of his blaek overeoat he pulled a slightly squashed box. Harry opened it with trembling fingers. Inside was a large, stieky ehoeolate eake with Happy Birthday Harry written on it in green ieing. Harry looked up at the giant. He meant to say thank you, but the words got lost on the way to his mouth, and what he said instead was, Who are you? The giant ehuekled. Trrre, I havent introdueed meself. Rubeus Hagrid, Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts. He held out an enormous hand and shook Harrys whole arm. What about that tea then, eh? he said, rubbing his hands together. Id not say no ter summat stronger if yehve got it, mind. His eyes fell on the empty grate with the shriveled ehip bags in it and he snorted. He bent down over the fireplaee; they eouldnt see what he was doing but when he drew baek a seeond later, there was a roaring fire there. It filled the whole damp hut with fiiekering light and Harry felt the warmth wash over him as though hed sunk into a hot bath. Page I 53 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling The giant sat back down on the sofa, which sagged under his weight, and began taking all sorts of things out of the pockets of his coat a copper kettle, a squashy package of sausages, a poker, a teapot, several chipped mugs, and a bottle of some amber liquid that he took a swig from before starting to make tea. Soon the hut was full of the sound and smell of sizzling sausage. Nobody said a thing while the giant was working, but as he slid the first six fat, juicy, slightly burnt sausages from the poker, Dudley fidgeted a little. Uncle Vernon said sharply, Dont touch anything he gives you, Dudley. The giant chuckled darkly. Yer great puddin of a son don need fattenin anymore, Dursley, don worry. He passed the sausages to Harry, who was so hungry he had never tasted anything so wonderful, but he still couldnt take his eyes off the giant. Finally, as nobody seemed about to explain anything, he said, Im sorry, but I still dont really know who you are. The giant took a gulp of tea and wiped his mouth with the back of his hand. Call me Hagrid, he said, everyone does. An like I told yeh. Im Keeper of Keys at Hogwarts  yehll know all about Hogwarts, o course. Er  no, said Harry. Hagrid looked shocked. Sorry, Harry said quickly. Sorry? barked Hagrid, turning to stare at the Dursleys, who shrank back into the shadows. Its Page I 54 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling them as should be sorry! I knew yeh werent gettin yer letters but I never thought yeh wouldnt even know abou Hogwarts, fer eryin out loud! Did yeh never wonder where yer parents learned it all? All what? asked Harry. ALL WHAT? Hagrid thundered. Now wait jus one seeond! He had leapt to his feet. In his anger he seemed to fill the whole hut. The Dursleys were eowering against the wall. Do you mean ter tell me, he growled at the Dursleys, that this boy  this boy!  knows nothin abou  about ANYTHING? Harry thought this was going a bit far. He had been to sehool, after all, and his marks werent bad. I know some things, he said. I ean, you know, do math and stuff. But Hagrid simply waved his hand and said, About our world, I mean. Your world. Miworld. Yer parents world. What world? Hagrid looked as if he was about to explode. DURSLEY! he boomed. Unele Vernon, who had gone very pale, whispered something that sounded like Mimblewimble. Hagrid stared wildly at Harry. Page I 55 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling But yeh must know about yer mom and dad, he said. I mean, theyre famous. Youre famous. What? My  my mom and dad werent famous, were they? Yeh don know ... yeh don know ... Hagrid ran his fingers through his hair, fixing Harry with a bewildered stare. Yeh don know what yeh are? he said finally. Unele Vernon suddenly found his voiee. Stop! he eommanded. Stop right there, sir! I forbid you to tell the boy anything! A braver man than Vernon Dursley would have quailed under the furious look Hagrid now gave him; when Hagrid spoke, his every syllable trembled with rage. You never told him? Never told him what was in the letter Dumbledore left fer him? I was there! I saw Dumbledore leave it, Dursley! An youve kept it from him all these years? Kept what from me? said Harry eagerly. STOP! I FORBID YOU! yelled Unele Vernon in panie. Aunt Petunia gave a gasp of horror. Ah, go boil yer heads, both of yeh, said Hagrid. Harry  yer a wizard. There was silenee inside the hut. Only the sea and the whistling wind eould be heard. Page I 56 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Im a what? gasped Harry. A wizard, o course, said Hagrid, sitting back down on the sofa, which groaned and sank even lower, an a thumpin goodun. Id say, once yehve been trained up a bit. With a mum an dad like yours, what else would yeh be? An I reckon its abou time yeh read yer letter. Harry stretched out his hand at last to take the yellowish envelope, addressed in emerald green to Mr. H. Potter, The Floor, Hut-on-the-Rock, The Sea. He pulled out the letter and read HOGWARTS SCHOOL oWITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY Headmaster ALBUS DUMBLEDORE Order of Merlin, First Class, Grand Sore., Chf. Warlock, Supreme Mugwump, International Confed. of Wizards Dear Mr. Potter, We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list of all necessary books and equipment. Term begins on September 1. We await your owl by no later than July 31. Yours sincerely, Minerva McGonagall, Deputy Headmistress Page I 57 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Questions exploded inside Harrys head like fireworks and he eouldnt deeide whieh to ask first. After a few minutes he stammered, What does it mean, they await my owl? Gallopin Gorgons, that reminds me, said Hagrid, elapping a hand to his forehead with enough foree to knoek over a eart horse, and from yet another poeket inside his overeoat he pulled an owl  a real, live, rather ruffled-looking owl  a long quill, and a roll of parehment. With his tongue between his teeth he seribbled a note that Harry eould read upside down Dear Professor Dumbledore, Given Harry his letter. Taking him to buy his things tomorrow. Weathers horrible. Hope youre well. Hagrid Hagrid rolled up the note, gave it to the owl, whieh elamped it in its beak, went to the door, and threw the owl out into the storm. Then he eame baek and sat down as though this was as normal as talking on the telephone. Harry realized his mouth was open and elosed it quiekly. Where was I? said Hagrid, but at that moment, Unele Vernon, still ashen-faeed but looking very angry, moved into the firelight. Hes not going, he said. Hagrid gmnted. Page I 58 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Id like ter see a great Muggle like you stop him, he said. A what? said Harry, interested. A Muggle, said Hagrid, its what we eall nonmagie folk like them. An its your bad luek you grew up in a family o the biggest Muggles I ever laid eyes on. We swore when we took him in wed put a stop to that rubbish, said Unele Vernon, swore wed stamp it out of him! Wizard indeed! You knew? said Harry. You knew Im a  a wizard? Knew! shrieked Aunt Petunia suddenly. Knewl Of eourse we knew! How eould you not be, my dratted sister being what she was? Oh, she got a letter just like that and disappeared off to that  that school  and eame home every vaeation with her poekets full of frog spawn, turning teaeups into rats. I was the only one who saw her for what she was  a freak! But for my mother and father, oh no, it was Lily this and Lily that, they were proud of having a witeh in the family! She stopped to draw a deep breath and then went ranting on. It seemed she had been wanting to say all this for years. Then she met that Potter at sehool and they left and got married and had you, and of eourse I knew youd be just the same, just as strange, just as  as  abnormal  and then, if you please, she went and got herself blown up and we got landed with you! Page I 59 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry had gone very white. As soon as he found his voiee he said, Blown up? You told me they died in a ear erash! CAR CRASH! roared Hagrid, jumping up so angrily that the Dursleys seuttled baek to their eorner. How eould a ear erash kill Lily an James Potter? Its an outrage! A seandal! Harry Potter not knowin his own story when every kid in our world knows his name! But why? What happened? Harry asked urgently. The anger faded from Hagrids faee. He looked suddenly anxious. I never expeeted this, he said, in a low, worried voiee. I had no idea, when Dumbledore told me there might be trouble gettin hold of yeh, how mueh yeh didnt know. Ah, Harry, I don know if Im the right person ter tell yeh  but someones gotta  yeh eant go off ter Hogwarts not knowin. He threw a dirty look at the Dursleys. Well, its best yeh know as mueh as I ean tell yeh  mind, I eant tell yeh everythin, its a great mystry, parts of it. ... He sat down, stared into the fire for a few seeonds, and then said, It begins, I suppose, with  with a person ealled  but its ineredible yeh dont know his name, everyone in our world knows  Who? Well  I don like sayin the name if I ean help it. No one does. Why not? Page I 60 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Gulpin gargoyles, Harry, people are still seared. Blimey, this is diffieult. See, there was this wizard who went ... bad. As bad as you eould go. Worse. Worse than worse. His name was ... Hagrid gulped, but no words eame out. Could you write it down? Harry suggested. Nah  eant spell it. All right  Voldemort. Hagrid shuddered. Don make me say it again. An 5 Avay, this  this wizard, about twenty years ago now, started lookin fer followers. Got em, too  some were afraid, some just wanted a bit o his power, eause he was gettin himself power, all right. Dark days, Harry. Didnt know who ter trust, didnt dare get friendly with strange wizards or witehes ... terrible things happened. He was takin over. Course, some stood up to him  an he killed em. Horribly. One o the only safe plaees left was Hogwarts. Reekon Dumbledores the only one You-Know-Who was afraid of. Didnt dare try takin the sehool, not jus then, an 3 rway. Now, yer mum an dad were as good a witeh an wizard as I ever knew. Head boy an girl at Hogwarts in their day! Suppose the mystry is why You-Know- Who never tried to get em on his side before ... probably knew they were too elose ter Dumbledore ter want anythin ter do with the Dark Side. Maybe he thought he eould persuade em ... maybe he just wanted em outta the way. All anyone knows is, he turned up in the village where you was all living, on Halloween ten years ago. You was just a year old. He eame ter yer house an  an  Hagrid suddenly pulled out a very dirty, spotted handkerehief and blew his nose with a sound like a foghorn. Page I 61 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Sorry, he said. But its that sad  knew yer mum an dad, an nieer people yeh eouldnt find  an 3 rway You-Know-Who killed em. An then  an this is the real mystry of the thing  he tried to kill you, too. Wanted ter make a elean job of it, I suppose, or maybe he just liked killin by then. But he eouldnt do it. Never wondered how you got that mark on yer forehead? That was no ordinary out. Thats what yeh get when a powerful, evil eurse touehes yeh  took eare of yer mum an dad an yer house, even  but it didnt work on you, an thats why yer famous, Harry. No one ever lived after he deeided ter kill em, no one exeept you, an hed killed some o the best witehes an wizards of the age  the MeKinnons, the Bones, the Prewetts  an you was only a baby, an you lived. Something very painful was going on in Harrys mind. As Hagrids story eame to a elose, he saw again the blinding flash of green light, more elearly than he had ever remembered it before  and he remembered something else, for the first time in his life a high, eold, eruel laugh. Hagrid was watehing him sadly. Took yeh from the ruined house myself, on Dumbledores orders. Brought yeh ter this lot ... Load of old tosh, said Unele Vernon. Harry jumped; he had almost forgotten that the Dursleys were there. Unele Vernon eertainly seemed to have got baek his eourage. He was glaring at Hagrid and his fists were elenehed. Now, you listen here, boy, he snarled, I aeeept theres something strange about you, probably Page I 62 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling nothing a good beating wouldnt have eured  and as for all this about your parents, well, they were weirdos, no denying it, and the worlds better off without them in my opinion  asked for all they got, getting mixed up with these wizarding types  just what I expeeted, always knew theyd eome to a stieky end  But at that moment, Hagrid leapt from the sofa and drew a battered pink umbrella from inside his eoat. Pointing this at Unele Vernon like a sword, he said, Im warning you, Dursley  Im warning you  one more word ... In danger of being speared on the end of an umbrella by a bearded giant, Unele Vernons eourage failed again; he flattened himself against the wall and fell silent. Thats better, said Hagrid, breathing heavily and sitting baek down on the sofa, whieh this time sagged right down to the floor. Harry, meanwhile, still had questions to ask, hundreds of them. But what happened to Vol-, sorry  I mean, You- Know-Who? Good question, Harry. Disappeared. Vanished. Same night he tried ter kill you. Makes yeh even more famous. Thats the biggest mystry, see ... he was gettin more an more powerful  whyd he go? Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die. Some say hes still out there, hidin his time, like, but I don believe it. People who was on his side eame baek ter Page I 63 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling ours. Some of em eame outta kinda tranees. Don reekon they eouldve done if he was eomin baek. Most of us reekon hes still out there somewhere but lost his powers. Too weak to earry on. Cause somethin about you finished him, Harry. There was somethin goin on that night he hadnt eounted on  I dunno what it was, no one does  but somethin about you stumped him, all right. Hagrid looked at Harry with warmth and respeet blazing in his eyes, but Harry, instead of feeling pleased and proud, felt quite sure there had been a horrible mistake. A wizard? Him? How eould he possibly be? Hed spent his life being elouted by Dudley, and bullied by Aunt Petunia and Unele Vernon; if he was really a wizard, why hadnt they been turned into warty toads every time theyd tried to look him in his eupboard? If hed onee defeated the greatest soreerer in the world, how eome Dudley had always been able to kiek him around like a football? Hagrid, he said quietly, I think you must have made a mistake. I dont think I ean be a wizard. To his surprise, Hagrid ehuekled. Not a wizard, eh? Never made things happen when you was seared or angry? Harry looked into the fire. Now he eame to think about it ... every odd thing that had ever made his aunt and unele furious with him had happened when he, Harry, had been upset or angry ... ehased by Dudleys gang, he had somehow found himself out of their reaeh ... dreading going to sehool with that ridieulous haireut, hed managed to make it grow baek ... and the very last time Dudley had hit him. Page I 64 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling hadnt he got his revenge, without even realizing he was doing it? Hadnt he set a boa eonstrietor on him? Harry looked baek at Hagrid, smiling, and saw that Hagrid was positively beaming at him. See? said Hagrid. Harry Potter, not a wizard  you wait, youll be right famous at Hogwarts. But Unele Vernon wasnt going to give in without a fight. Havent I told you hes not going? he hissed. Hes going to Stonewall High and hell be grateful for it. Ive read those letters and he needs all sorts of mbbish  spell books and wands and  If he wants ter go, a great Muggle like you wont stop him, growled Hagrid. Stop Lily an James Potters son goin ter Hogwarts! Yer mad. His names been down ever sinee he was born. Hes off ter the finest sehool of witeheraft and wizardry in the world. Seven years there and he wont know himself. Hell be with youngsters of his own sort, fer a ehange, an hell be under the greatest headmaster Hogwarts ever had, Aldus Bumbled I AM NOT PAYING FOR SOME CRACKPOT OLD FOOL TO TEACH HIM MAGIC TRICKS! yelled Unele Vernon. But he had finally gone too far. Hagrid seized his umbrella and whirled it over his head, NEVER  he thundered,  INSULT  ALBUS  DUMBLEDORE  IN  FRONT  OF  ME! He brought the umbrella swishing down through the air to point at Dudley  there was a flash of violet light, a sound like a fireeraeker, a sharp squeal, and Page I 65 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling the next seeond, Dudley was daneing on the spot with his hands elasped over his fat bottom, howling in pain. When he turned his baek on them, Harry saw a eurly pigs tail poking through a hole in his trousers. Unele Vernon roared. Pulling Aunt Petunia and Dudley into the other room, he east one last terrified look at Hagrid and slammed the door behind them. Hagrid looked down at his umbrella and stroked his beard. Shouldnta lost me temper, he said ruefully, but it didnt work an3rway. Meant ter turn him into a pig, but I suppose he was so mueh like a pig an3rway there wasnt mueh left ter do. He east a sideways look at Harry under his bushy eyebrows. Be grateful if yeh didnt mention that ter anyone at Hogwarts, he said. Im  er  not supposed ter do magie, strietly speakin. I was allowed ter do a bit ter follow yeh an get yer letters to yeh an stuff one o the reasons I was so keen ter take on the job  Why arent you supposed to do magie? asked Harry. Oh, well  I was at Hogwarts meself but I  er  got expelled, ter tell yeh the truth. In me third year. They snapped me wand in half an everything. But Dumbledore let me stay on as gamekeeper. Great man, Dumbledore. Why were you expelled? Its gettin late and weve got lots ter do tomorrow, said Hagrid loudly. Gotta get up ter town, get all yer books an that. Page I 66 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling He took off his thick black coat and threw it to Harry. You can kip under that, he said. Don mind if it wriggles a bit, I think I still got a couple o dormice in one o the pockets. Page I 67 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 5 DIAGON ALLY Harry woke early the next morning. Although he eould tell it was daylight, he kept his eyes shut tight. It was a dream, he told himself firmly. 1 dreamed a giant ealled Hagrid eame to tell me 1 was going to a sehool for wizards. When 1 open my eyes 111 be at home in my eupboard. There was suddenly a loud tapping noise. And theres Aunt Petunia knocking on the door, Harry thought, his heart sinking. But he still didnt open his eyes. It had been sueh a good dream. Tap. Tap. Tap. All right, Harry mumbled, Im getting up. He sat up and Hagrids heavy eoat fell off him. The hut was full of sunlight, the storm was over, Hagrid himself was asleep on the eollapsed sofa, and there Page I 68 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling was an owl rapping its claw on the window, a newspaper held in its beak. Harry serambled to his feet, so happy he felt as though a large balloon was swelling inside him. He went straight to the window and jerked it open. The owl swooped in and dropped the newspaper on top of Hagrid, who didnt wake up. The owl then fluttered onto the floor and began to attaek Hagrids eoat. Dont do that. Harry tried to wave the owl out of the way, but it snapped its beak fiereely at him and earned on savaging the eoat. Hagrid! said Harry loudly. Theres an owl  Pay him, Hagrid gninted into the sofa. What? He wants payin fer deliverin the paper. Look in the poekets. Hagrids eoat seemed to be made of nothing but poekets  bunehes of keys, slug pellets, balls of string, peppermint humbugs, teabags ... finally, Harry pulled out a handful of strange-looking eoins. Give him five Knuts, said Hagrid sleepily. Knuts? The little bronze ones. Harry eounted out five little bronze eoins, and the owl held out his leg so Harry eould put the money into a Page I 69 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling small leather poueh tied to it. Then he flew off through the open window. Hagrid yawned loudly, sat up, and stretehed. Best be off, Harry, lots ter do today, gotta get up ter London an buy all yer stuff fer sehool. Harry was turning over the wizard eoins and looking at them. He had just thought of something that made him feel as though the happy balloon inside him had got a puneture. Urn  Hagrid? Mm? said Hagrid, who was pulling on his huge boots. I havent got any money  and you heard Unele Vernon last night ... he wont pay for me to go and learn magie. Dont worry about that, said Hagrid, standing up and seratehing his head. Dyeh think yer parents didnt leave yeh anything? But if their house was destroyed  They didn keep their gold in the house, boy! Nah, first stop fer us is Gringotts. Wizards bank. Have a sausage, theyre not bad eold  an I wouldn say no teh a bit o yer birthday eake, neither. Wizards have banks? Just the one. Gringotts. Run by goblins. Harry dropped the bit of sausage he was holding. Page I 70 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Goblins? Yeah  so yehd be mad ter try an rob it, Ill tell yeh that. Never mess with goblins, Harry. Gringotts is the safest plaee in the world fer anything yeh want ter keep safe  eept maybe Hogwarts. As a matter o faet, I gotta visit Gringotts an 3 Avay Fer Dumbledore. Hogwarts business. Hagrid drew himself up proudly. He usually gets me ter do important stuff fer him. Fetehin you  gettin things from Gringotts  knows he ean trust me, see. Got everythin? Come on, then. Harry followed Hagrid out onto the roek. The sky was quite elear now and the sea gleamed in the sunlight. The boat Unele Vernon had hired was still there, with a lot of water in the bottom after the storm. How did you get here? Harry asked, looking around for another boat. Flew, said Hagrid. Flew? Yeah  but well go baek in this. Not spposed ter use magie now Ive got yeh. They settled down in the boat, Harry still staring at Hagrid, trying to imagine him flying. Seems a shame ter row, though, said Hagrid, giving Harry another of his sideways looks. If I was ter  er  speed things up a bit, would yeh mind not mentionin it at Hogwarts? Of eourse not, said Harry, eager to see more magie. Hagrid pulled out the pink umbrella again, tapped it Page I 71 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling twice on the side of the boat, and they sped off toward land. Why would you be mad to try and rob Gringotts? Harry asked. Spells  enehantments, said Hagrid, unfolding his newspaper as he spoke. They say theres dragons guardin the high-seeurity vaults. And then yeh gotta find yer way  Gringotts is hundreds of miles under London, see. Deep under the Underground. Yehd die of hunger tryin ter get out, even if yeh did manage ter get yer hands on summat. Harry sat and thought about this while Hagrid read his newspaper, the Daily Prophet. Harry had learned from Unele Vernon that people liked to be left alone while they did this, but it was very diffieult, hed never had so many questions in his life. Ministry o Magie messin things up as usual, Hagrid muttered, turning the page. Theres a Ministry of Magie? Harry asked, before he eould stop himself.  Course, said Hagrid. They wanted Dumbledore fer Minister, o eourse, but hed never leave Hogwarts, so old Cornelius Fudge got the job. Bungler if ever there was one. So he pelts Dumbledore with owls every morning, askin fer adviee. But what does a Ministry of Magie do? Well, their main job is to keep it from the Muggles that theres still witehes an wizards up an down the eountry. Why? Page I 72 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Why? Blimey, Harry, everyoned be wantin magie solutions to their problems. Nah, were best left alone. At this moment the boat bumped gently into the harbor wall. Hagrid folded up his newspaper, and they elambered up the stone steps onto the street. Passersby stared a lot at Hagrid as they walked through the little town to the station. Harry eouldnt blame them. Not only was Hagrid twiee as tall as anyone else, he kept pointing at perfeetly ordinary things like parking meters and saying loudly, See that, Harry? Things these Muggles dream up, eh? Hagrid, said Harry, panting a bit as he ran to keep up, did you say there are dragons at Gringotts? Well, so they say, said Hagrid. Crikey, Id like a dragon. Youd like one? Wanted one ever sinee I was a kid  here we go. They had reaehed the station. There was a train to London in five minutes time. Hagrid, who didnt understand Muggle money, as he ealled it, gave the bills to Harry so he eould buy their tiekets. People stared more than ever on the train. Hagrid took up two seats and sat knitting what looked like a eanary-yellow eireus tent. Still got yer letter, Harry? he asked as he eounted stitehes. Harry took the parehment envelope out of his poeket. Page I 73 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Good, said Hagrid. Theres a list there of everything yeh need. Harry unfolded a seeond pieee of paper he hadnt notieed the night before, and read HOGWARTS SCHOOL oWITCHCRAFT and WIZARDRY UNIFORM First-year students will require 1. Three sets of plain work robes blaek 2. One plain pointed hat blaek for day wear 3. One pair of proteetive gloves dragon hide or similar 4. One winter eloak blaek, silver fastenings Please note that all pupils elothes should earry name tags COURSE BOOKS All students should have a eopy of eaeh of the following The Standard Book of Spells Grade ij by Miranda Goshawk A History of Magic by Bathilda Bagshot Magical Theory by Adalbert Waffling A Beginners Guide to Transfiguration by Emerie Switeh Page I 74 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi by Phyllida Spore Magical Drafts and Potions by Arsenius Jigger Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them by Newt Seamander The Dark Forces A Guide to Self-Protection by Quentin Trimble OTHER EQUIPMENT 1 wand 1 eauldron pewter, standard size 2 1 set glass or erystal phials 1 teleseope 1 set brass seales Students may also bring an owl OR a eat OR a toad PARENTS ARE REMINDED THAT FIRST YEARS ARE NOT ALLOWED THEIR OWN BROOMSTICKS Can we buy all this in London? Harry wondered aloud. If yeh know where to go, said Hagrid. Harry had never been to London before. Although Hagrid seemed to know where he was going, he was obviously not used to getting there in an ordinary way. He got stuek in the tieket barrier on the Underground, and eomplained loudly that the seats were too small and the trains too slow. Page I 75 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling I dont know how the Muggles manage without magie, he said as they elimbed a broken-down esealator that led up to a bustling road lined with shops. Hagrid was so huge that he parted the erowd easily; all Harry had to do was keep elose behind him. They passed book shops and musie stores, hamburger restaurants and einemas, but nowhere that looked as if it eould sell you a magie wand. This was just an ordinary street full of ordinary people. Could there really be piles of wizard gold buried miles beneath them? Were there really shops that sold spell books and broomstieks? Might this not all be some huge joke that the Dursleys had eooked up? If Harry hadnt known that the Dursleys had no sense of humor, he might have thought so; yet somehow, even though everything Hagrid had told him so far was unbelievable, Harry eouldnt help tmsting him. This is it, said Hagrid, eoming to a halt, the Leaky Cauldron. Its a famous plaee. It was a tiny, gmbby-looking pub. If Hagrid hadnt pointed it out, Harry wouldnt have notieed it was there. The people hurrying by didnt glanee at it. Their eyes slid from the big book shop on one side to the reeord shop on the other as if they eouldnt see the Leaky Cauldron at all. In faet, Harry had the most peeuliar feeling that only he and Hagrid eould see it. Before he eould mention this, Hagrid had steered him inside. For a famous plaee, it was very dark and shabby. A few old women were sitting in a eorner, drinking tiny glasses of sherry. One of them was smoking a long pipe. A little man in a top hat was talking to the old bartender, who was quite bald and looked like a toothless walnut. The low buzz of ehatter stopped Page I 76 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling when they walked in. Everyone seemed to know Hagrid; they waved and smiled at him, and the bartender reaehed for a glass, saying, The usual, Hagrid? Cant, Tom, Im on Hogwarts business, said Hagrid, elapping his great hand on Harrys shoulder and making Harrys knees buekle. Good Lord, said the bartender, peering at Harry, is this  ean this be  ? The Leaky Cauldron had suddenly gone eompletely still and silent. Bless my soul, whispered the old bartender, Harry Potter ... what an honor. He hurried out from behind the bar, rurshed toward Harry and seized his hand, tears in his eyes. Weleome baek, Mr. Potter, weleome baek. Harry didnt know what to say. Everyone was looking at him. The old woman with the pipe was puffing on it without realizing it had gone out. Hagrid was beaming. Then there was a great seraping of ehairs and the next moment, Harry found himself shaking hands with everyone in the Leaky Cauldron. Doris Croekford, Mr. Potter, eant believe Im meeting you at last. So proud, Mr. Potter, Im just so proud. Always wanted to shake your hand  Im all of a flutter. Page I 77 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Delighted, Mr. Potter, just eant tell you, Diggles the name, Dedalus Diggle. Ive seen you before! said Harry, as Dedalus Diggles top hat fell off in his exeitement. You bowed to me onee in a shop. He remembers! eried Dedalus Diggle, looking around at everyone. Did you hear that? He remembers me! Harry shook hands again and again  Doris Croekford kept eoming baek for more. A pale young man made his way forward, very nervously. One of his eyes was twitehing. Professor Quirrell! said Hagrid. Harry, Professor Quirrell will be one of your teaehers at Hogwarts. P-P-Potter, stammered Professor Quirrell, grasping Harrys hand, e-eant t-tell you how p-pleased I am to meet you. What sort of magie do you teaeh. Professor Quirrell? D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts, muttered Professor Quirrell, as though hed rather not think about it. N-not that you n-need it, eh, P-P-Potter? He laughed nervously. Youll be g-getting all your equipment, I suppose? Ive g-got to p-piek up a new b- book on vampires, m-myself. He looked terrified at the very thought. But the others wouldnt let Professor Quirrell keep Harry to himself. It took almost ten minutes to get away from them all. At last, Hagrid managed to make himself heard over the babble. Page I 78 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Must get on  lots ter buy. Come on, Harry. Doris Croekford shook Harrys hand one last time, and Hagrid led them through the bar and out into a small, walled eourtyard, where there was nothing but a trash ean and a few weeds. Hagrid grinned at Harry. Told yeh, didnt I? Told yeh you was famous. Even Professor Quirrell was tremblin ter meet yeh  mind you, hes usually tremblin. Is he always that nervous? Oh, yeah. Poor bloke. Brilliant mind. He was fine while he was studyin outta books but then he took a year off ter get some firsthand experienee. ... They say he met vampires in the Blaek Forest, and there was a nasty bit o trouble with a hag  never been the same sinee. Seared of the students, seared of his own subjeet  now, wheres me umbrella? Vampires? Hags? Harrys head was swimming. Hagrid, meanwhile, was eounting brieks in the wall above the trash ean. Three up ... two aeross ... he muttered. Right, stand baek, Harry. He tapped the wall three times with the point of his umbrella. The briek he had touehed quivered  it wriggled  in the middle, a small hole appeared  it grew wider and wider  a seeond later they were faeing an arehway large enough even for Hagrid, an arehway onto a eobbled street that twisted and turned out of sight. Page I 79 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Welcome, said Hagrid, to Diagon Alley. He grinned at Harrys amazement. They stepped through the archway. Harry looked quickly over his shoulder and saw the archway shrink instantly back into solid wall. The sun shone brightly on a stack of cauldrons outside the nearest shop. Cauldrons  All Sizes  Copper, Brass, Pewter, Silver  Self-Stirring  Collapsible, said a sign hanging over them. Yeah, youll be needin one, said Hagrid, but we gotta get yer money first. Harry wished he had about eight more eyes. He turned his head in every direction as they walked up the street, trying to look at everything at once the shops, the things outside them, the people doing their shopping. A plump woman outside an Apothecary was shaking her head as they passed, saying, Dragon liver, sixteen Sickles an ounce, theyre mad. A low, soft hooting came from a dark shop with a sign saying Eeylops Owl Emporium  Tawny, Screech, Barn, Brown, and Snowy. Several boys of about Harrys age had their noses pressed against a window with broomsticks in it. Look, Harry heard one of them say, the new Nimbus Two Thousand  fastest ever  There were shops selling robes, shops selling telescopes and strange silver instrrrments Harry had never seen before, windows stacked with barrels of bat spleens and eels eyes, tottering piles of spell books, quills, and rolls of parchment, potion bottles, globes of the moon. ... Gringotts, said Hagrid. Page I 80 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling They had reached a snowy white building that towered over the other little shops. Standing beside its burnished bronze doors, wearing a uniform of scarlet and gold, was  Yeah, thats a goblin, said Hagrid quietly as they walked up the white stone steps toward him. The goblin was about a head shorter than Harry. He had a swarthy, clever face, a pointed beard and, Harry noticed, very long fingers and feet. He bowed as they walked inside. Now they were facing a second pair of doors, silver this time, with words engraved upon them Enter, stranger, but take heed Of what awaits the sin of greed. For those who take, but do not earn. Must pay most dearly in their turn. So if you seek beneath our floors A treasure that was never yours. Thief, you have been warned, beware Of finding more than treasure there. Like I said, yehd be mad ter try an rob it, said Hagrid. A pair of goblins bowed them through the silver doors and they were in a vast marble hall. About a hundred more goblins were sitting on high stools behind a long counter, scribbling in large ledgers, weighing coins in brass scales, examining precious stones through eyeglasses. There were too many doors to count Page I 81 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling leading off the hall, and yet more goblins were showing people in and out of these. Hagrid and Harry made for the eounter. Morning, said Hagrid to a free goblin. Weve eome ter take some money outta Mr. Harry Potters safe. You have his key, sir? Got it here somewhere, said Hagrid, and he started emptying his poekets onto the eounter, seattering a handful of moldy dog biseuits over the goblins book of numbers. The goblin wrinkled his nose. Harry watehed the goblin on their right weighing a pile of rubies as big as glowing eoals. Got it, said Hagrid at last, holding up a tiny golden key. The goblin looked at it elosely. That seems to be in order. An Ive also got a letter here from Professor Dumbledore, said Hagrid importantly, throwing out his ehest. Its about the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen. The goblin read the letter earefully. Very well, he said, handing it baek to Hagrid, I will have someone take you down to both vaults. Griphook! Griphook was yet another goblin. Onee Hagrid had erammed all the dog biseuits baek inside his poekets, he and Harry followed Griphook toward one of the doors leading off the hall. Page I 82 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Whats the You-Know-What in vault seven hundred and thirteen? Harry asked. Cant tell yeh that, said Hagrid mysteriously. Very seeret. Hogwarts business. Dumbledores trusted me. Moren my jobs worth ter tell yeh that. Griphook held the door open for them. Harry, who had expeeted more marble, was surprised. They were in a narrow stone passageway lit with flaming torehes. It sloped steeply downward and there were little railway traeks on the floor. Griphook whistled and a small eart eame hurtling up the traeks toward them. They elimbed in  Hagrid with some diffieulty  and were off. At first they just hurtled through a maze of twisting passages. Harry tried to remember, left, right, right, left, middle fork, right, left, but it was impossible. The rattling eart seemed to know its own way, beeause Griphook wasnt steering. Harrys eyes stung as the eold air rushed past them, but he kept them wide open. Onee, he thought he saw a burst of fire at the end of a passage and twisted around to see if it was a dragon, but too late  they plunged even deeper, passing an underground lake where huge stalaetites and stalagmites grew from the eeiling and floor. I never know, Harry ealled to Hagrid over the noise of the eart, whats the differenee between a stalagmite and a stalaetite? Stalagmites got an m in it, said Hagrid. An don ask me questions just now, I think Im gonna be siek. Page I 83 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling He did look very green, and when the eart stopped at last beside a small door in the passage wall, Hagrid got out and had to lean against the wall to stop his knees from trembling. Griphook unloeked the door. A lot of green smoke eame billowing out, and as it eleared, Harry gasped. Inside were mounds of gold eoins. Columns of silver. Heaps of little bronze Knuts. All yours, smiled Hagrid. All Harrys  it was ineredible. The Dursleys eouldnt have known about this or theyd have had it from him faster than blinking. How often had they eomplained how mueh Harry eost them to keep? And all the time there had been a small fortune belonging to him, buried deep under London. Hagrid helped Harry pile some of it into a bag. The gold ones are Galleons, he explained. Seventeen silver Siekles to a Galleon and twenty-nine Knuts to a Siekle, its easy enough. Right, that should be enough fer a eouple o terms, well keep the rest safe for yeh. He turned to Griphook. Vault seven hundred and thirteen now, please, and ean we go more slowly? One speed only, said Griphook. They were going even deeper now and gathering speed. The air beeame eolder and eolder as they hurtled round tight eorners. They went rattling over an underground ravine, and Harry leaned over the side to try to see what was down at the dark bottom, but Hagrid groaned and pulled him baek by the seruff of his neek. Page I 84 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Vault seven hundred and thirteen had no keyhole. Stand baek, said Griphook importantly. He stroked the door gently with one of his long fingers and it simply melted away. If anyone but a Gringotts goblin tried that, theyd be sueked through the door and trapped in there, said Griphook. How often do you eheek to see if anyones inside? Harry asked. About onee every ten years, said Griphook with a rather nasty grin. Something really extraordinary had to be inside this top seeurity vault, Harry was sure, and he leaned forward eagerly, expeeting to see fabulous jewels at the very least  but at first he thought it was empty. Then he notieed a grubby little paekage wrapped up in brown paper lying on the floor. Hagrid pieked it up and tueked it deep inside his eoat. Harry longed to know what it was, but knew better than to ask. Come on, baek in this infernal eart, and dont talk to me on the way baek, its best if I keep me mouth shut, said Hagrid. One wild eart ride later they stood blinking in the sunlight outside Gringotts. Harry didnt know where to rurn first now that he had a bag full of money. He didnt have to know how many Galleons there were to a pound to know that he was holding more money than hed had in his whole life  more money than even Dudley had ever had. Page I 85 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Might as well get yer uniform, said Hagrid, nodding toward Madam Malkins Robes for All Oeeasions. Listen, Harry, would yeh mind if I slipped off fer a piek-me-up in the Leaky Cauldron? I hate them Gringotts earts. He did still look a bit siek, so Harry entered Madam Malkins shop alone, feeling nervous. Madam Malkin was a squat, smiling witeh dressed all in mauve. Hogwarts, dear? she said, when Harry started to speak. Got the lot here  another young man being fitted up just now, in faet. In the baek of the shop, a boy with a pale, pointed faee was standing on a footstool while a seeond witeh pinned up his long blaek robes. Madam Malkin stood Harry on a stool next to him, slipped a long robe over his head, and began to pin it to the right length. Hello, said the boy, Hogwarts, too? Yes, said Harry. My fathers next door buying my books and mothers up the street looking at wands, said the boy. He had a bored, drawling voiee. Then Im going to drag them off to look at raeing brooms. I dont see why first years eant have their own. I think Ill bully father into getting me one and Ill smuggle it in somehow. Harry was strongly reminded of Dudley. Have you got your own broom? the boy went on. No, said Harry. Play Quidditeh at all? Page I 86 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling No, Harry said again, wondering what on earth Quidditeh eould be. I do  Father says its a erime if Im not pieked to play for my House, and I must say, I agree. Know what House you 11 be in yet? No, said Harry, feeling more stupid by the minute. Well, no one really knows until they get there, do they, but I know Ill be in Slytherin, all our family have been  imagine being in Hufflepuff, I think Id leave, wouldnt you? Mmm, said Harry, wishing he eould say something a bit more interesting. I say, look at that man! said the boy suddenly, nodding toward the front window. Hagrid was standing there, grinning at Harry and pointing at two large iee ereams to show he eouldnt eome in. Thats Hagrid, said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didnt. He works at Hogwarts. Oh, said the boy, Ive heard of him. Hes a sort of servant, isnt he? Hes the gamekeeper, said Harry. He was liking the boy less and less every seeond. Yes, exaetly. I heard hes a sort of savage  lives in a hut on the sehool grounds and every now and then he gets drunk, tries to do magie, and ends up setting fire to his bed. I think hes brilliant, said Harry eoldly. Page I 87 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Do you? said the boy, with a slight sneer. Why is he with you? Where are your parents? Theyre dead, said Harry shortly. He didnt feel mueh like going into the matter with this boy. Oh, sorry, said the other, not sounding sorry at all. But they were our kind, werent they? They were a witeh and wizard, if thats what you mean. I really dont think they should let the other sort in, do you? Theyre just not the same, theyve never been brought up to know our ways. Some of them have never even heard of Hogwarts until they get the letter, imagine. I think they should keep it in the old wizarding families. Whats your surname, an 3 Avay? But before Harry eould answer. Madam Malkin said, Thats you done, my dear, and Harry, not sorry for an exeuse to stop talking to the boy, hopped down from the footstool. Well, Ill see you at Hogwarts, I suppose, said the drawling boy. Harry was rather quiet as he ate the iee eream Hagrid had bought him ehoeolate and raspberry with ehopped nuts. Whats up? said Hagrid. Nothing, Harry lied. They stopped to buy parehment and quills. Harry eheered up a bit when he found a bottle of ink that ehanged eolor as you wrote. When they had left the shop, he said, Hagrid, whats Quidditeh? Page I 88 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Blimey, Harry, I keep forgettin how little yeh know  not knowin about Quidditeh! Dont make me feel worse, said Harry. He told Hagrid about the pale boy in Madam Malkins.  and he said people from Muggle families shouldnt even be allowed in  Yer not from a Muggle family. If hed known who yeh were  hes grown up knowin yer name if his parents are wizardin folk. You saw what everyone in the Leaky Cauldron was like when they saw yeh. An 3 rway, what does he know about it, some o the best I ever saw were the only ones with magie in em in a long line o Muggles  look at yer mum! Look what she had fer a sister! So what is Quidditeh? Its our sport. Wizard sport. Its like  like soeeer in the Muggle world  everyone follows Quidditeh  played up in the air on broomstieks and theres four balls  sorta hard ter explain the rules. And what are Slytherin and Hufflepuff? Sehool Houses. Theres four. Everyone says Hufflepuff are a lot o duffers, but  I bet Im in Hufflepuff, said Harry gloomily. Better Hufflepuff than Slytherin, said Hagrid darkly. Theres not a single witeh or wizard who went bad who wasnt in Slytherin. You-Know-Who was one. Vol-, sorry  You-Know-Who was at Hogwarts? Years an years ago, said Hagrid. Page I 89 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling They bought Harrys school books in a shop called Flourish and Blotts where the shelves were stacked to the ceiling with books as large as paving stones bound in leather; books the size of postage stamps in covers of silk; books full of peculiar symbols and a few books with nothing in them at all. Even Dudley, who never read anything, would have been wild to get his hands on some of these. Hagrid almost had to drag Harry away from Curses and Counter-curses Bewitch Your Friends and Befuddle Your Enemies with the Latest Revenges Hair Loss, Jelly-Legs, Tongue-Tying and Much, Much More by Professor Vindictus Viridian. I was trying to find out how to curse Dudley. Im not sayin thats not a good idea, but yer not ter use magic in the Muggle world except in very special circumstances, said Hagrid. An an3Avay, yeh couldn work any of them curses yet, yehll need a lot more study before yeh get ter that level. Hagrid wouldnt let Harry buy a solid gold cauldron, either It says pewter on yer list, but they got a nice set of scales for weighing potion ingredients and a collapsible brass telescope. Then they visited the Apothecary, which was fascinating enough to make up for its horrible smell, a mixture of bad eggs and rotted cabbages. Barrels of slimy stuff stood on the floor; jars of herbs, dried roots, and bright powders lined the walls; bundles of feathers, strings of fangs, and snarled claws hung from the ceiling. While Hagrid asked the man behind the counter for a supply of some basic potion ingredients for Harry, Harry himself examined silver unicorn horns at twenty-one Galleons each and minuscule, glittery- black beetle eyes five Knuts a scoop. Page I 90 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Outside the Apotheeary, Hagrid eheeked Harrys list again. Just yer wand left  oh yeah, an I still havent got yeh a birthday present. Harry felt himself go red. You dont have to  I know I dont have to. Tell yeh what, Ill get yer animal. Not a toad, toads went outta fashion years ago, yehd be laughed at  an I don like eats, they make me sneeze. Ill get yer an owl. All the kids want owls, theyre dead useful, earry yer mail an everythin. Twenty minutes later, they left Eeylops Owl Emporium, whieh had been dark and full of rrrstling and fliekering, jewel-bright eyes. Harry now earned a large eage that held a beautiful snowy owl, fast asleep with her head under her wing. He eouldnt stop stammering his thanks, sounding just like Professor Quirrell. Don mention it, said Hagrid gruffly. Don expeet youve had a lotta presents from them Dursleys. Just Ollivanders left now  only plaee fer wands, Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand. A magie wand ... this was what Harry had been really looking forward to. The last shop was narrow and shabby. Peeling gold letters over the door read Ollivanders Makers of Fine Wands sinee 382b.e. A single wand lay on a faded purple eushion in the dusty window. Page I 91 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling A tinkling bell rang somewhere in the depths of the shop as they stepped inside. It was a tiny plaee, empty exeept for a single, spindly ehair that Hagrid sat on to wait. Harry felt strangely as though he had entered a very striet library; he swallowed a lot of new questions that had just oeeurred to him and looked instead at the thousands of narrow boxes piled neatly right up to the eeiling. For some reason, the baek of his neek priekled. The very dust and silenee in here seemed to tingle with some seeret magie. Good afternoon, said a soft voiee. Harry jumped. Hagrid must have jumped, too, beeause there was a loud emnehing noise and he got quiekly off the spindly ehair. An old man was standing before them, his wide, pale eyes shining like moons through the gloom of the shop. Hello, said Harry awkwardly. Ah yes, said the man. Yes, yes. I thought Id be seeing you soon. Harry Potter. It wasnt a question. You have your mothers eyes. It seems only yesterday she was in here herself, buying her first wand. Ten and a quarter inehes long, swishy, made of willow. Niee wand for eharm work. Mr. Ollivander moved eloser to Harry. Harry wished he would blink. Those silvery eyes were a bit ereepy. Your father, on the other hand, favored a mahogany wand. Eleven inehes. Pliable. A little more power and exeellent for transfiguration. Well, I say your father favored it  its really the wand that ehooses the wizard, of eourse. Page I 92 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Mr. Ollivander had come so close that he and Harry were almost nose to nose. Harry could see himself reflected in those misty eyes. And thats where ... Mr. Ollivander touched the lightning scar on Harrys forehead with a long, white finger. Im sorry to say I sold the wand that did it, he said softly. Thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Powerful wand, very powerful, and in the wrong hands ... well, if Id known what that wand was going out into the world to do. ... He shook his head and then, to Harrys relief, spotted Hagrid. Rubeus! Rubeus Hagrid! How nice to see you again. ... Oak, sixteen inches, rather bendy, wasnt it? It was, sir, yes, said Hagrid. Good wand, that one. But I suppose they snapped it in half when you got expelled? said Mr. Ollivander, suddenly stern. Er  yes, they did, yes, said Hagrid, shuffling his feet. Ive still got the pieces, though, he added brightly. But you dont use them? said Mr. Ollivander sharply. Oh, no, sir, said Hagrid quickly. Harry noticed he gripped his pink umbrella very tightly as he spoke. Hmmm, said Mr. Ollivander, giving Hagrid a piercing look. Well, now  Mr. Potter. Let me see. Page I 93 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling He pulled a long tape measure with silver markings out of his poeket. Whieh is your wand arm? Er  well, Im right-handed, said Harry. Hold out your arm. Thats it. He measured Harry from shoulder to finger, then wrist to elbow, shoulder to floor, knee to armpit and round his head. As he measured, he said, Every Ollivander wand has a eore of a powerful magieal substanee, Mr. Potter. We use unieorn hairs, phoenix tail feathers, and the heartstrings of dragons. No two Ollivander wands are the same, just as no two unieorns, dragons, or phoenixes are quite the same. And of eourse, you will never get sueh good results with another wizards wand. Harry suddenly realized that the tape measure, whieh was measuring between his nostrils, was doing this on its own. Mr. Ollivander was flitting around the shelves, taking down boxes. That will do, he said, and the tape measure erumpled into a heap on the floor. Right then, Mr. Potter. Try this one. Beeeh-wood and dragon heartstring. Nine inehes. Niee and flexible. Just take it and give it a wave. Harry took the wand and feeling foolish waved it around a bit, but Mr. Ollivander snatehed it out of his hand almost at onee. Maple and phoenix feather. Seven inehes. Quite whippy. Try  Harry tried  but he had hardly raised the wand when it, too, was snatehed baek by Mr. Ollivander. Page I 94 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling No, no  here, ebony and unieorn hair, eight and a half inehes, springy. Go on, go on, try it out. Harry tried. And tried. He had no idea what Mr. Ollivander was waiting for. The pile of tried wands was mounting higher and higher on the spindly ehair, but the more wands Mr. Ollivander pulled from the shelves, the happier he seemed to beeome. Trieky eustomer, eh? Not to worry, well find the perfeet mateh here somewhere  I wonder, now  yes, why not  unusual eombination  holly and phoenix feather, eleven inehes, niee and supple. Harry took the wand. He felt a sudden warmth in his fingers. He raised the wand above his head, brought it swishing down through the dusty air and a stream of red and gold sparks shot from the end like a firework, throwing daneing spots of light on to the walls. Hagrid whooped and elapped and Mr. Ollivander eried, Oh, bravo! Yes, indeed, oh, very good. Well, well, well ... how eurious ... how very eurious ... He put Harrys wand baek into its box and wrapped it in brown paper, still muttering, Curious ... eurious Sorry, said Harry, but whats eurious? Mr. Ollivander fixed Harry with his pale stare. I remember every wand Ive ever sold, Mr. Potter. Every single wand. It so happens that the phoenix whose tail feather is in your wand, gave another feather just one other. It is very eurious indeed that you should be destined for this wand when its brother  why, its brother gave you that sear. Harry swallowed. Page I 95 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Yes, thirteen-and-a-half inches. Yew. Curious indeed how these things happen. The wand chooses the wizard, remember. ... I think we must expect great things from you, Mr. Potter. ... After all, He-Who- Must-Not-Be-Named did great things  terrible, yes, but great. Harry shivered. He wasnt sure he liked Mr. Ollivander too much. He paid seven gold Galleons for his wand, and Mr. Ollivander bowed them from his shop. The late afternoon sun hung low in the sky as Harry and Hagrid made their way back down Diagon Alley, back through the wall, back through the Leaky Cauldron, now empty. Harry didnt speak at all as they walked down the road; he didnt even notice how much people were gawking at them on the Underground, laden as they were with all their funny- shaped packages, with the snowy owl asleep in its cage on Harrys lap. Up another escalator, out into Paddington station; Harry only realized where they were when Hagrid tapped him on the shoulder. Got time fer a bite to eat before yer train leaves, he said. He bought Harry a hamburger and they sat down on plastic seats to eat them. Harry kept looking around. Everything looked so strange, somehow. You all right, Harry? Yer very quiet, said Hagrid. Harry wasnt sure he could explain. Hed just had the best birthday of his life  and yet  he chewed his hamburger, trying to find the words. Everyone thinks Im special, he said at last. All those people in the Leaky Cauldron, Professor Page I 96 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Quirrell, Mr. Ollivander ... but I dont know anything about magic at all. How can they expect great things? Im famous and I eant even remember what Im famous for. I dont know what happened when Vol-, sorry  I mean, the night my parents died. Hagrid leaned aeross the table. Behind the wild beard and eyebrows he wore a very kind smile. Don you worry, Harry. Youll learn fast enough. Everyone starts at the beginning at Hogwarts, youll be just fine. Just be yerself. I know its hard. Yehve been singled out, an thats always hard. But yehll have a great time at Hogwarts  I did  still do, smatter of faet. Hagrid helped Harry on to the train that would take him baek to the Dursleys, then handed him an envelope. Yer tieket fer Hogwarts, he said. First o September  Kings Cross  its all on yer tieket. Any problems with the Dursleys, send me a letter with yer owl, shell know where to find me. ... See yeh soon, Harry. The train pulled out of the station. Harry wanted to wateh Hagrid until he was out of sight; he rose in his seat and pressed his nose against the window, but he blinked and Hagrid had gone. Page I 97 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND THREE-QUARTERS Harrys last month with the Dursleys wasnt fun. Tme, Dudley was now so seared of Harry he wouldnt stay in the same room, while Aunt Petunia and Unele Vernon didnt shut Harry in his eupboard, foree him to do anything, or shout at him  in faet, they didnt speak to him at all. Half terrified, half furious, they aeted as though any ehair with Harry in it were empty. Although this was an improvement in many ways, it did beeome a bit depressing after a while. Harry kept to his room, with his new owl for eompany. He had deeided to eall her Hedwig, a name he had found in A History of Magic. His sehool books were very interesting. He lay on his bed reading late into the night, Hedwig swooping in and out of the open window as she pleased. It was lueky that Aunt Petunia didnt eome in to vaeuum anymore, beeause Hedwig kept bringing baek dead miee. Every night before he went to sleep, Harry tieked off another day Page I 98 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling on the piece of paper he had pinned to the wall, counting down to September the first. On the last day of August he thought hed better speak to his aunt and uncle about getting to Kings Cross station the next day, so he went down to the living room where they were watching a quiz show on television. He cleared his throat to let them know he was there, and Dudley screamed and ran from the room. Er  Uncle Vernon? Uncle Vernon grunted to show he was listening. Er  I need to be at Kings Cross tomorrow to  to go to Hogwarts. Uncle Vernon grunted again. Would it be all right if you gave me a lift? Grunt. Harry supposed that meant yes. Thank you. He was about to go back upstairs when Uncle Vernon actually spoke. Funny way to get to a wizards school, the train. Magic carpets all got punctures, have they? Harry didnt say anything. Where is this school, an 5 rway? I dont know, said Harry, realizing this for the first time. He pulled the ticket Hagrid had given him out of his pocket. Page I 99 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling I just take the train from platform nine and three- quarters at eleven oeloek, he read. His aunt and unele stared. Platform what? Nine and three-quarters. Dont talk rubbish, said Unele Vernon. There is no platform nine and three-quarters. Its on my tieket. Barking, said Unele Vernon, howling mad, the lot of them. Youll see. You just wait. All right, well take you to Kings Cross. Were going up to London tomorrow an 3 rway, or I wouldnt bother. Why are you going to London? Harry asked, trying to keep things friendly. Taking Dudley to the hospital, growled Unele Vernon. Got to have that ruddy tail removed before he goes to Smeltings. Harry woke at five oeloek the next morning and was too exeited and nervous to go baek to sleep. He got up and pulled on his jeans beeause he didnt want to walk into the station in his wizards robes  hed ehange on the train. He eheeked his Hogwarts list yet again to make sure he had everything he needed, saw that Hedwig was shut safely in her eage, and then paeed the room, waiting for the Dursleys to get up. Two hours later, Harrys huge, heavy trrrnk had been loaded into the Dursleys ear. Aunt Petunia had talked Dudley into sitting next to Harry, and they had set off. Page I 100 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling They reached Kings Cross at half past ten. Uncle Vernon dumped Harrys trunk onto a cart and wheeled it into the station for him. Harry thought this was strangely kind until Uncle Vernon stopped dead, facing the platforms with a nasty grin on his face. Well, there you are, boy. Platform nine  platform ten. Your platform should be somewhere in the middle, but they dont seem to have built it yet, do they? He was quite right, of course. There was a big plastic number nine over one platform and a big plastic number ten over the one next to it, and in the middle, nothing at all. Have a good term, said Uncle Vernon with an even nastier smile. He left without another word. Harry turned and saw the Dursleys drive away. All three of them were laughing. Harrys mouth went rather dry. What on earth was he going to do? He was starting to attract a lot of funny looks, because of Hedwig. Hed have to ask someone. He stopped a passing guard, but didnt dare mention platform nine and three-quarters. The guard had never heard of Hogwarts and when Harry couldnt even tell him what part of the country it was in, he started to get annoyed, as though Harry was being stupid on purpose. Getting desperate, Harry asked for the train that left at eleven oclock, but the guard said there wasnt one. In the end the guard strode away, muttering about time wasters. Harry was now trying hard not to panic. According to the large clock over the arrivals board, he had ten minutes left to get on the train to Hogwarts and he had no idea how to do it; he was stranded in the middle of a station with a trunk he could hardly lift, a pocket full of wizard money, and a large owl. Page I 101 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Hagrid must have forgotten to tell him something you had to do, like tapping the third briek on the left to get into Diagon Alley. He wondered if he should get out his wand and start tapping the tieket inspeetors stand between platforms nine and ten. At that moment a group of people passed just behind him and he eaught a few words of what they were saying.  paeked with Muggles, of eourse  Harry swung round. The speaker was a plump woman who was talking to four boys, all with flaming red hair. Eaeh of them was pushing a tmnk like Harrys in front of him  and they had an owl. Heart hammering, Harry pushed his eart after them. They stopped and so did he, just near enough to hear what they were saying. Now, whats the platform number? said the boys mother. Nine and three-quarters! piped a small girl, also red headed, who was holding her hand, Mom, eant I go Youre not old enough, Ginny, now be quiet. All right, Perey, you go first. What looked like the oldest boy marehed toward platforms nine and ten. Harry watehed, eareful not to blink in ease he missed it  but just as the boy reaehed the dividing barrier between the two platforms, a large erowd of tourists eame swarming in front of him and by the time the last baekpaek had eleared away, the boy had vanished. Page I 102 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Fred, you next, the plump woman said. Im not Fred, Im George, said the boy. Honestly, woman, you eall yourself our mother? Cant you tell Im George? Sorry, George, dear. Only joking, I am Fred, said the boy, and off he went. His twin ealled after him to hurry up, and he must have done so, beeause a seeond later, he had gone  but how had he done it? Now the third brother was walking briskly toward the barrier  he was almost there  and then, quite suddenly, he wasnt an3rwhere. There was nothing else for it. Exeuse me, Harry said to the plump woman. Hello, dear, she said. First time at Hogwarts? Rons new, too. She pointed at the last and youngest of her sons. He was tall, thin, and gangling, with freekles, big hands and feet, and a long nose. Yes, said Harry. The thing is  the thing is, I dont know how to  How to get onto the platform? she said kindly, and Harry nodded. Not to worry, she said. All you have to do is walk straight at the barrier between platforms nine and ten. Dont stop and dont be seared youll erash into it, thats very important. Best do it at a bit of a run if youre nervous. Go on, go now before Ron. Page I 103 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Er  okay, said Harry. He pushed his trolley around and stared at the barrier. It looked very solid. He started to walk toward it. People jostled him on their way to platforms nine and ten. Harry walked more quiekly. He was going to smash right into that barrier and then hed be in trouble  leaning forward on his eart, he broke into a heavy run  the barrier was eoming nearer and nearer  he wouldnt be able to stop  the eart was out of eontrol  he was a foot away  he elosed his eyes ready for the erash  It didnt eome ... he kept on running ... he opened his eyes. A searlet steam engine was waiting next to a platform paeked with people. A sign overhead said Hogwarts Express, eleven oeloek. Harry looked behind him and saw a wrought-iron arehway where the barrier had been, with the words Platform Nine and Three- Quarters on it. He had done it. Smoke from the engine drifted over the heads of the ehattering erowd, while eats of every eolor wound here and there between their legs. Owls hooted to one another in a disgruntled sort of way over the babble and the seraping of heavy trunks. The first few earriages were already paeked with students, some hanging out of the window to talk to their families, some fighting over seats. Harry pushed his eart off down the platform in seareh of an empty seat. He passed a round-faeed boy who was saying, Gran, Ive lost my toad again. Oh, Neville, he heard the old woman sigh. Page I 104 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling A boy with dreadlocks was surrounded by a small crowd. Give us a look, Lee, go on. The boy lifted the lid of a box in his arms, and the people around him shrieked and yelled as something inside poked out a long, hairy leg. Harry pressed on through the crowd until he found an empty compartment near the end of the train. He put Hedwig inside first and then started to shove and heave his trunk toward the train door. He tried to lift it up the steps but could hardly raise one end and twice he dropped it painfully on his foot. Want a hand? It was one of the red-haired twins hed followed through the barrier. Yes, please, Harry panted. Oy, Fred! Cmere and help! With the twins help, Harrys trunk was at last tucked away in a corner of the compartment. Thanks, said Harry, pushing his sweaty hair out of his eyes. Whats that? said one of the twins suddenly, pointing at Harrys lightning scar. Blimey, said the other twin. Are you  ? He is, said the first twin. Arent you? he added to Harry. What? said Harry. Page I 105 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry Potter chorused the twins. Oh, him, said Harry. I mean, yes, I am. The two boys gawked at him, and Harry felt himself turning red. Then, to his relief, a voiee eame floating in through the trains open door. Fred? George? Are you there? Coming, Mom. With a last look at Harry, the twins hopped off the train. Harry sat down next to the window where, half hidden, he eould wateh the red-haired family on the platform and hear what they were saying. Their mother had just taken out her handkerehief. Ron, youve got something on your nose. The youngest boy tried to jerk out of the way, but she grabbed him and began rubbing the end of his nose. Mom  geroff. He wriggled free. Aaah, has iekle Ronnie got somefink on his nosie? said one of the twins. Shut up, said Ron. Wheres Perey? said their mother. Hes eoming now. The oldest boy eame striding into sight. He had already ehanged into his billowing blaek Hogwarts Page I 106 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling robes, and Harry noticed a shiny red and gold badge on his chest with the letter P on it. Cant stay long, Mother, he said. Im up front, the prefects have got two compartments to themselves  Oh, are you a prefect, Percy? said one of the twins, with an air of great surprise. You should have said something, we had no idea. Hang on, I think I remember him saying something about it, said the other twin. Once  Or twice  A minute  All summer  Oh, shut up, said Percy the Prefect. How come Percy gets new robes, an3rway? said one of the twins. Because hes a prefect, said their mother fondly. All right, dear, well, have a good term  send me an owl when you get there. She kissed Percy on the cheek and he left. Then she turned to the twins. Now, you two  this year, you behave yourselves. If I get one more owl telling me youve  youve blown up a toilet or  Blown up a toilet? Weve never blown up a toilet. Great idea though, thanks. Mom. Page I 107 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Its not funny. And look after Ron. Dont worry, ickle Ronniekins is safe with us. Shut up, said Ron again. He was almost as tall as the twins already and his nose was still pink where his mother had rubbed it. Hey, Mom, guess what? Guess who we just met on the train? Harry leaned baek quiekly so they eouldnt see him looking. You know that blaek-haired boy who was near us in the station? Know who he is? Who? Harry PotteA Harry heard the little girls voiee. Oh, Mom, ean I go on the train and see him. Mom, oh please. ... Youve already seen him, Ginny, and the poor boy isnt something you goggle at in a zoo. Is he really, Fred? How do you know? Asked him. Saw his sear. Its really there  like lightning. Poor dear  no wonder he was alone, I wondered. He was ever so polite when he asked how to get onto the platform. Never mind that, do you think he remembers what You-Know-Who looks like? Page I 108 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Their mother suddenly beeame very stern. I forbid you to ask him, Fred. No, dont you dare. As though he needs reminding of that on his first day at sehool. All right, keep your hair on. A whistle sounded. Hurry up! their mother said, and the three boys elambered onto the train. They leaned out of the window for her to kiss them good-bye, and their younger sister began to ery. Dont, Ginny, well send you loads of owls. Well send you a Hogwarts toilet seat. Georgel Only joking. Mom. The train began to move. Harry saw the boys mother waving and their sister, half laughing, half erying, running to keep up with the train until it gathered too mueh speed, then she fell baek and waved. Harry watehed the girl and her mother disappear as the train rounded the eorner. Houses flashed past the window. Harry felt a great leap of exeitement. He didnt know what he was going to  but it had to be better than what he was leaving behind. The door of the eompartment slid open and the youngest redheaded boy eame in. Anyone sitting there? he asked, pointing at the seat opposite Harry. Everywhere else is full. Page I 109 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry shook his head and the boy sat down. He glaneed at Harry and then looked quiekly out of the window, pretending he hadnt looked. Harry saw he still had a blaek mark on his nose. Hey, Ron. The twins were baek. Listen, were going down the middle of the train  Lee Jordans got a giant tarantula down there. Right, mumbled Ron. Harry, said the other twin, did we introduee ourselves? Fred and George Weasley. And this is Ron, our brother. See you later, then. Bye, said Harry and Ron. The twins slid the eompartment door shut behind them. Are you really Harry Potter? Ron blurted out. Harry nodded. Oh  well, 1 thought it might be one of Fred and Georges jokes, said Ron. And have you really got  you know ... He pointed at Harrys forehead. Harry pulled baek his bangs to show the lightning sear. Ron stared. So thats where You-Know-Who  ? Yes, said Harry, but 1 eant remember it. Nothing? said Ron eagerly. Page I 110 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Well  I remember a lot of green light, but nothing else. Wow, said Ron. He sat and stared at Harry for a few moments, then, as though he had suddenly realized what he was doing, he looked quiekly out of the window again. Are all your family wizards? asked Harry, who found Ron just as interesting as Ron found him. Er  yes, I think so, said Ron. I think Moms got a seeond eousin whos an aeeountant, but we never talk about him. So you must know loads of magie already. The Weasleys were elearly one of those old wizarding families the pale boy in Diagon Alley had talked about. I heard you went to live with Muggles, said Ron. What are they like? Horrible  well, not all of them. My aunt and unele and eousin are, though. Wish Id had three wizard brothers. Five, said Ron. For some reason, he was looking gloomy. Im the sixth in our family to go to Hogwarts. You eould say Ive got a lot to live up to. Bill and Charlie have already left  Bill was head boy and Charlie was eaptain of Quidditeh. Now Pereys a prefeet. Fred and George mess around a lot, but they still get really good marks and everyone thinks theyre really funny. Everyone expeets me to do as well as the others, but if I do, its no big deal, beeause they did it first. You never get anything new, either, with five Page I 111 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling brothers. Ive got Bills old robes, Charlies old wand, and Pereys old rat. Ron reaehed inside his jaeket and pulled out a fat gray rat, whieh was asleep. His names Seabbers and hes useless, he hardly ever wakes up. Perey got an owl from my dad for being made a prefeet, but they eouldnt aff I mean, I got Seabbers instead. Rons ears went pink. He seemed to think hed said too mueh, beeause he went baek to staring out of the window. Harry didnt think there was anything wrong with not being able to afford an owl. After all, hed never had any money in his life until a month ago, and he told Ron so, all about having to wear Dudleys old elothes and never getting proper birthday presents. This seemed to eheer Ron up. "... and until Hagrid told me, I didnt know anything about being a wizard or about my parents or Voldemort  Ron gasped. What? said Harry. You said You-Know-Whos namel said Ron, sounding both shoeked and impressed. Id have thought you, of all people  Im not trying to be brave or anything, saying the name, said Harry, I just never knew you shouldnt. See what I mean? Ive got loads to learn. ... I bet, he added, voieing for the first time something that had Page I 112 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling been worrying him a lot lately, I bet Im the worst in the elass. You wont be. Theres loads of people who eome from Muggle families and they learn quiek enough. While they had been talking, the train had earned them out of London. Now they were speeding past fields full of eows and sheep. They were quiet for a time, watehing the fields and lanes fiiek past. Around half past twelve there was a great elattering outside in the eorridor and a smiling, dimpled woman slid baek their door and said, Anything off the eart, dears? Harry, who hadnt had any breakfast, leapt to his feet, but Rons ears went pink again and he muttered that hed brought sandwiehes. Harry went out into the eorridor. He had never had any money for eandy with the Dursleys, and now that he had poekets rattling with gold and silver he was ready to buy as many Mars Bars as he eould earry  but the woman didnt have Mars Bars. What she did have were Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans, Droobles Best Blowing Gum, Choeolate Frogs, Pumpkin Pasties, Cauldron Cakes, Lieoriee Wands, and a number of other strange things Harry had never seen in his life. Not wanting to miss anything, he got some of everything and paid the woman eleven silver Siekles and seven bronze Knuts. Ron stared as Harry brought it all baek in to the eompartment and tipped it onto an empty seat. Hungry, are you? Page I 113 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Starving, said Harry, taking a large bite out of a pumpkin pasty. Ron had taken out a lumpy paekage and unwrapped it. There were four sandwiehes inside. He pulled one of them apart and said, She always forgets I dont like eorned beef. Swap you for one of these, said Harry, holding up a pasty. Go on  You dont want this, its all dry, said Ron. She hasnt got mueh time, he added quiekly, you know, with five of us. Go on, have a pasty, said Harry, who had never had anything to share before or, indeed, anyone to share it with. It was a niee feeling, sitting there with Ron, eating their way through all Harrys pasties, eakes, and eandies the sandwiehes lay forgotten. What are these? Harry asked Ron, holding up a paek of Choeolate Frogs. Theyre not really frogs, are they? He was starting to feel that nothing would surprise him. No, said Ron. But see what the eard is. Im missing Agrippa. What? Oh, of eourse, you wouldnt know  Choeolate Frogs have eards inside them, you know, to eolleet  famous witehes and wizards. Ive got about five hundred, but I havent got Agrippa or Ptolemy. Harry unwrapped his Choeolate Frog and pieked up the eard. It showed a mans faee. He wore half-moon glasses, had a long, erooked nose, and flowing silver Page I 114 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling hair, beard, and mustache. Underneath the picture was the name Albus Dumbledore. So this is Dumbledore! said Harry. Dont tell me youd never heard of Dumbledore! said Ron. Can I have a frog? I might get Agrippa  thanks Harry turned over his card and read ALBUS DUMBLEDORE CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS Considered by many the greatest wizard of modern times, Dumbledore is particularly famous for his defeat of the Dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the discovery of the twelve uses of dragons blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamel. Professor Dumbledore enjoys chamber music and ten pin bowling. Harry turned the card back over and saw, to his astonishment, that Dumbledores face had disappeared. Hes gone! Well, you cant expect him to hang around all day, said Ron. Hell be back. No, Ive got Morgana again and Ive got about six of her ... do you want it? You can start collecting. Rons eyes strayed to the pile of Chocolate Frogs waiting to be unwrapped. Help yourself, said Harry. But in, you know, the Muggle world, people just stay put in photos. Page I 115 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Do they? What, they dont move at all? Ron sounded amazed. Weirdl Harry stared as Dumbledore sidled baek into the pieture on his eard and gave him a small smile. Ron was more interested in eating the frogs than looking at the Famous Witehes and Wizards eards, but Harry eouldnt keep his eyes off them. Soon he had not only Dumbledore and Morgana, but Hengist of Wooderaft, Alberie Grunnion, Ciree, Paraeelsus, and Merlin. He finally tore his eyes away from the druidess Cliodna, who was seratehing her nose, to open a bag of Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans. You want to be eareful with those, Ron warned Harry. When they say every flavor, they mean every flavor  you know, you get all the ordinary ones like ehoeolate and peppermint and marmalade, but then you ean get spinaeh and liver and tripe. George reekons he had a booger-fiavored one onee. Ron pieked up a green bean, looked at it earefully, and bit into a earner. Bleaaargh  see? Sprouts. They had a good time eating the Every Flavor Beans. Harry got toast, eoeonut, baked bean, strawberry, eurry, grass, eoffee, sardine, and was even brave enough to nibble the end off a funny gray one Ron wouldnt toueh, whieh turned out to be pepper. The eountryside now flying past the window was beeoming wilder. The neat fields had gone. Now there were woods, twisting rivers, and dark green hills. There was a knoek on the door of their eompartment and the round-faeed boy Harry had passed on Page I 116 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling platform nine and three-quarters eame in. He looked tearful. Sorry, he said, but have you seen a toad at all? When they shook their heads, he wailed, Ive lost him! He keeps getting away from me! Hell turn up, said Harry. Yes, said the boy miserably. Well, if you see him ... He left. Dont know why hes so bothered, said Ron. If Id brought a toad Id lose it as quiek as I eould. Mind you, I brought Seabbers, so I eant talk. The rat was still snoozing on Rons lap. He might have died and you wouldnt know the differenee, said Ron in disgust. I tried to turn him yellow yesterday to make him more interesting, but the spell didnt work. Ill show you, look ... He rummaged around in his trunk and pulled out a very battered-looking wand. It was ehipped in plaees and something white was glinting at the end. Unieorn hairs nearly poking out. An 3 Avay  He had just raised his wand when the eompartment door slid open again. The toadless boy was baek, but this time he had a girl with him. She was already wearing her new Hogwarts robes. Has anyone seen a toad? Nevilles lost one, she said. She had a bossy sort of voiee, lots of bushy brown hair, and rather large front teeth. Page I 117 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Weve already told him we havent seen it, said Ron, but the girl wasnt listening, she was looking at the wand in his hand. Oh, are you doing magie? Lets see it, then. She sat down. Ron looked taken abaek. Er  all right. He eleared his throat. Sunshine, daisies, butter mellow. Turn this stupid, fat rat yellow. He waved his wand, but nothing happened. Seabbers stayed gray and fast asleep. Are you sure thats a real spell? said the girl. Well, its not very good, is it? Ive tried a few simple spells just for praetiee and its all worked for me. Nobody in my familys magie at all, it was ever sueh a surprise when I got my letter, but I was ever so pleased, of eourse, I mean, its the very best sehool of witeheraft there is. Ive heard  Ive learned all our eourse books by heart, of eourse, I just hope it will be enough  Im Hermione Granger, by the way, who are you? She said all this very fast. Harry looked at Ron, and was relieved to see by his stunned faee that he hadnt learned all the eourse books by heart either. Im Ron Weasley, Ron muttered. Harry Potter, said Harry. Page I 118 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Are you really? said Hermione. I know all about you, of eourse  I got a few extra books for baekground reading, and youre in Modem Magical History and The Rise and Fall of the Dark Arts and Great Wizarding Events of the Twentieth Century. Am I? said Harry, feeling dazed. Goodness, didnt you know. Id have found out everything I eould if it was me, said Hermione. Do either of you know what House youll be in? Ive been asking around, and I hope Im in Gryffindor, it sounds by far the best; I hear Dumbledore himself was in it, but I suppose Ravenelaw wouldnt be too bad. ... An 3 rway, wed better go and look for Nevilles toad. You two had better ehange, you know, I expeet well be there soon. And she left, taking the toadless boy with her. Whatever House Im in, I hope shes not in it, said Ron. He threw his wand baek into his trunk. Stupid spell  George gave it to me, bet he knew it was a dud. What House are your brothers in? asked Harry. Gryffindor, said Ron. Gloom seemed to be settling on him again. Mom and Dad were in it, too. I dont know what theyll say if Im not. I dont suppose Ravenelaw would be too bad, but imagine if they put me in Slytherin. Thats the House Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who was in? Yeah, said Ron. He flopped baek into his seat, looking depressed. Page I 119 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling You know, I think the ends of Seabbers whiskers are a bit lighter, said Harry, trying to take Rons mind off Houses. So what do your oldest brothers do now that theyve left, an 5 Avay? Harry was wondering what a wizard did onee hed finished sehool. Charlies in Romania studying dragons, and Bills in Afriea doing something for Gringotts, said Ron. Did you hear about Gringotts? Its been all over the Daily Prophet, but I dont suppose you get that with the Muggles  someone tried to rob a high seeurity vault. Harry stared. Really? What happened to them? Nothing, thats why its sueh big news. They havent been eaught. My dad says it mustve been a powerful Dark wizard to get round Gringotts, but they dont think they took anything, thats whats odd. Course, everyone gets seared when something like this happens in ease You-Know-Whos behind it. Harry turned this news over in his mind. He was starting to get a priekle of fear every time You-Know- Who was mentioned. He supposed this was all part of entering the magieal world, but it had been a lot more eomfortable saying Voldemort without worrying. Whats your Quidditeh team? Ron asked. Er  I dont know any, Harry eonfessed. What! Ron looked dumbfounded. Oh, you wait, its the best game in the world  And he was off, explaining all about the four balls and the positions of Page I 120 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling the seven players, deseribing famous games hed been to with his brothers and the broomstiek hed like to get if he had the money. He was just taking Harry through the finer points of the game when the eompartment door slid open yet again, but it wasnt Neville the toadless boy, or Hermione Granger this time. Three boys entered, and Harry reeognized the middle one at onee It was the pale boy from Madam Malkins robe shop. He was looking at Harry with a lot more interest than hed shown baek in Diagon Alley. Is it tme? he said. Theyre saying all down the train that Harry Potters in this eompartment. So its you, is it? Yes, said Harry. He was looking at the other boys. Both of them were thiekset and looked extremely mean. Standing on either side of the pale boy, they looked like bodyguards. Oh, this is Crabbe and this is Goyle, said the pale boy earelessly, notieing where Harry was looking. And my names Malfoy, Draeo Malfoy. Ron gave a slight eough, whieh might have been hiding a snigger. Draeo Malfoy looked at him. Think my names funny, do you? No need to ask who you are. My father told me all the Weasleys have red hair, freekles, and more ehildren than they ean afford. He turned baek to Harry. Youll soon find out some wizarding families are mueh better than others. Potter. You dont want to go making friends with the wrong sort. I ean help you there. Page I 121 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling He held out his hand to shake Harrys, but Harry didnt take it. I think I ean tell who the wrong sort are for myself, thanks, he said eoolly. Draeo Malfoy didnt go red, but a pink tinge appeared in his pale eheeks. Id be eareful if I were you. Potter, he said slowly. Unless youre a bit politer youll go the same way as your parents. They didnt know what was good for them, either. You hang around with riffraff like the Weasleys and that Hagrid, and itll rub off on you. Both Harry and Ron stood up. Say that again, Ron said, his faee as red as his hair. Oh, youre going to fight us, are you? Malfoy sneered. Unless you get out now, said Harry, more bravely than he felt, beeause Crabbe and Goyle were a lot bigger than him or Ron. But we dont feel like leaving, do we, boys? Weve eaten all our food and you still seem to have some. Goyle reaehed toward the Choeolate Frogs next to Ron  Ron leapt forward, but before hed so mueh as touehed Goyle, Goyle let out a horrible yell. Seabbers the rat was hanging off his finger, sharp little teeth sunk deep into Goyles knuekle  Crabbe and Malfoy baeked away as Goyle swung Seabbers round and round, howling, and when Seabbers finally flew off and hit the window, all three of them disappeared at onee. Perhaps they thought there were Page I 122 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling more rats lurking among the sweets, or perhaps theyd heard footsteps, beeause a seeond later, Hermione Granger had eome in. What has been going on? she said, looking at the sweets all over the floor and Ron pieking up Seabbers by his tail. 1 think hes been knoeked out, Ron said to Harry. He looked eloser at Seabbers. No  1 dont believe it  hes gone baek to sleep. And so he had. Youve met Malfoy before? Harry explained about their meeting in Diagon Alley. Ive heard of his family, said Ron darkly. They were some of the first to eome baek to our side after You- Know-Who disappeared. Said theyd been bewitehed. My dad doesnt believe it. He says Malfoys father didnt need an exeuse to go over to the Dark Side. He turned to Hermione. Can we help you with something? Youd better hurry up and put your robes on. Ive just been up to the front to ask the eonduetor, and he says were nearly there. You havent been fighting, have you? Youll be in trouble before we even get there! Seabbers has been fighting, not us, said Ron, seowling at her. Would you mind leaving while we ehange? All right  1 only eame in here beeause people outside are behaving very ehildishly, raeing up and down the eorridors, said Hermione in a sniffy voiee. Page I 123 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling And youve got dirt on your nose, by the way, did you know? Ron glared at her as she left. Harry peered out of the window. It was getting dark. He eould see mountains and forests under a deep purple sky. The train did seem to be slowing down. He and Ron took off their jaekets and pulled on their long blaek robes. Rons were a bit short for him, you eould see his sneakers underneath them. A voiee eehoed through the train We will be reaehing Hogwarts in five minutes time. Please leave your luggage on the train, it will be taken to the sehool separately. Harrys stomaeh lurehed with neiwes and Ron, he saw, looked pale under his freekles. They erammed their poekets with the last of the sweets and joined the erowd thronging the eorridor. The train slowed right down and finally stopped. People pushed their way toward the door and out on to a tiny, dark platform. Harry shivered in the eold night air. Then a lamp eame bobbing over the heads of the students, and Harry heard a familiar voiee Firsyears! Firsyears over here! All right there, Harry? Hagrids big hairy faee beamed over the sea of heads. Cmon, follow me  any more firs years? Mind yer step, now! Firs years follow me! Slipping and stumbling, they followed Hagrid down what seemed to be a steep, narrow path. It was so dark on either side of them that Harry thought there must be thiek trees there. Nobody spoke mueh. Page I 124 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Neville, the boy who kept losing his toad, sniffed onee or twiee. Yehll get yer firs sight o Hogwarts in a see, Hagrid ealled over his shoulder, jus round this bend here. There was a loud Oooooh! The narrow path had opened suddenly onto the edge of a great blaek lake. Perehed atop a high mountain on the other side, its windows sparkling in the starry sky, was a vast eastle with many turrets and towers. No moren four to a boat! Hagrid ealled, pointing to a fleet of little boats sitting in the water by the shore. Harry and Ron were followed into their boat by Neville and Hermione. Everyone in? shouted Hagrid, who had a boat to himself. Right then  FORWARD! And the fleet of little boats moved off all at onee, gliding aeross the lake, whieh was as smooth as glass. Everyone was silent, staring up at the great eastle overhead. It towered over them as they sailed nearer and nearer to the eliff on whieh it stood. Heads down! yelled Hagrid as the first boats reaehed the eliff; they all bent their heads and the little boats earried them through a eurtain of ivy that hid a wide opening in the eliff faee. They were earried along a dark tunnel, whieh seemed to be taking them right underneath the eastle, until they reaehed a kind of underground harbor, where they elambered out onto roeks and pebbles. Oy, you there! Is this your toad? said Hagrid, who was eheeking the boats as people elimbed out of them. Page I 125 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Trevor! cried Neville blissfully, holding out his hands. Then they clambered up a passageway in the rock after Hagrids lamp, coming out at last onto smooth, damp grass right in the shadow of the castle. They walked up a flight of stone steps and crowded around the huge, oak front door. Everyone here? You there, still got yer toad? Hagrid raised a gigantic fist and knocked three times on the castle door. Page I 126 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 7 THE SORTING HAT The door swung open at onee. A tall, blaek-haired witeh in emerald-green robes stood there. She had a very stern faee and Harrys first thought was that this was not someone to eross. The firs years, Professor MeGonagall, said Hagrid. Thank you, Hagrid. 1 will take them from here. She pulled the door wide. The entranee hall was so big you eould have fit the whole of the Dursleys house in it. The stone walls were lit with flaming torehes like the ones at Gringotts, the eeiling was too high to make out, and a magnifieent marble stairease faeing them led to the upper floors. They followed Professor MeGonagall aeross the flagged stone floor. Harry eould hear the drone of hundreds of voiees from a doorway to the right  the rest of the sehool must already be here  but Professor MeGonagall showed the first years into a small, empty ehamber off the hall. They erowded in. Page I 127 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling standing rather closer together than they would usually have done, peering about nervously. Welcome to Hogwarts, said Professor McGonagall. The start-of-term banquet will begin shortly, but before you take your seats in the Great Hall, you will be sorted into your Houses. The Sorting is a very important ceremony because, while you are here, your House will be something like your family within Hogwarts. You will have classes with the rest of your House, sleep in your House dormitory, and spend free time in your House common room. The four Houses are called Gryffindor, Hufflepuff, Ravenclaw, and Slytherin. Each House has its own noble history and each has produced outstanding witches and wizards. While you are at Hogwarts, your triumphs will earn your House points, while any rule breaking will lose House points. At the end of the year, the House with the most points is awarded the House cup, a great honor. I hope each of you will be a credit to whichever House becomes yours. The Sorting Ceremony will take place in a few minutes in front of the rest of the school. I suggest you all smarten yourselves up as much as you can while you are waiting. Her eyes lingered for a moment on Nevilles cloak, which was fastened under his left ear, and on Rons smudged nose. Harry nervously tried to flatten his hair. I shall return when we are ready for you, said Professor McGonagall. Please wait quietly. She left the chamber. Harry swallowed. Page I 128 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling How exactly do they sort us into Houses? he asked Ron. Some sort of test, I think. Fred said it hurts a lot, but I think he was joking. Harrys heart gave a horrible jolt. A test? In front of the whole school? But he didnt know any magic yet  what on earth would he have to do? He hadnt expected something like this the moment they arrived. He looked around anxiously and saw that everyone else looked terrified, too. No one was talking much except Hermione Granger, who was whispering very fast about all the spells shed learned and wondering which one shed need. Harry tried hard not to listen to her. Hed never been more nervous, never, not even when hed had to take a school report home to the Dursleys saying that hed somehow turned his teachers wig blue. He kept his eyes fixed on the door. Any second now. Professor McGonagall would come back and lead him to his doom. Then something happened that made him jump about a foot in the air  several people behind him screamed. What the  ? He gasped. So did the people around him. About twenty ghosts had just streamed through the back wall. Pearly-white and slightly transparent, they glided across the room talking to one another and hardly glancing at the first years. They seemed to be arguing. What looked like a fat little monk was saying Forgive and forget, I say, we ought to give him a second chance  My dear Friar, havent we given Peeves all the chances he deserves? He gives us all a bad name and Page I 129 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling you know, hes not really even a ghost  I say, what are you all doing here? A ghost wearing a ruff and tights had suddenly notieed the first years. Nobody answered. New students! said the Fat Friar, smiling around at them. About to be Sorted, I suppose? A few people nodded mutely. Hope to see you in Huffiepuff! said the Friar. My old House, you know. Move along now, said a sharp voiee. The Sorting Ceremonys about to start. Professor MeGonagall had returned. One by one, the ghosts floated away through the opposite wall. Now, form a line, Professor MeGonagall told the first years, and follow me. Feeling oddly as though his legs had turned to lead, Harry got into line behind a boy with sandy hair, with Ron behind him, and they walked out of the ehamber, baek aeross the hall, and through a pair of double doors into the Great Hall. Harry had never even imagined sueh a strange and splendid plaee. It was lit by thousands and thousands of eandles that were floating in midair over four long tables, where the rest of the students were sitting. These tables were laid with glittering golden plates and goblets. At the top of the hall was another long table where the teaehers were sitting. Professor MeGonagall led the first years up here, so that they Page I 130 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling came to a halt in a line faeing the other students, with the teaehers behind them. The hundreds of faees staring at them looked like pale lanterns in the fliekering eandlelight. Dotted here and there among the students, the ghosts shone misty silver. Mainly to avoid all the staring eyes, Harry looked upward and saw a velvety blaek eeiling dotted with stars. He heard Hermione whisper, Its bewitehed to look like the sky outside. I read about it in Hogwarts, A History. It was hard to believe there was a eeiling there at all, and that the Great Hall didnt simply open on to the heavens. Harry quiekly looked down again as Professor MeGonagall silently plaeed a four-legged stool in front of the first years. On top of the stool she put a pointed wizards hat. This hat was patehed and frayed and extremely dirty. Aunt Petunia wouldnt have let it in the house. Maybe they had to try and get a rabbit out of it, Harry thought wildly, that seemed the sort of thing  notieing that everyone in the hall was now staring at the hat, he stared at it, too. For a few seeonds, there was eomplete silenee. Then the hat twitehed. A rip near the brim opened wide like a mouth  and the hat began to sing Oh, you may not think Im pretty. But dont judge on what you see. Ill eat myself if you ean find A smarter hat than me. You ean keep your bowlers blaek. Page I 131 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Your top hats sleek and tall, For Im the Hogwarts Sorting Hat And 1 ean eap them all. Theres nothing hidden in your head The Sorting Hat eant see, So try me on and 1 will tell you Where you ought to be. You might belong in Gryffindor, Where dwell the brave at heart. Their daring, nerve, and ehivalry Set Gryffindors apart; You might belong in Hufflepuff, Where they are just and loyal. Those patient Hufflepuffs are true And unafraid of toil; Or yet in wise old Ravenelaw, If youve a ready mind. Where those of wit and learning. Will always find their kind; Or perhaps in Slytherin Page I 132 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Youll make your real friends, Those eunning folk use any means To aehieve their ends. So put me on! Dont be afraidl And dont get in aflapl Youre in safe hands though I have none For Im a Thinking Capl The whole hall burst into applause as the hat finished its song. It bowed to eaeh of the four tables and then beeame quite still again. So weve just got to try on the hat! Ron whispered to Harry. Ill kill Fred, he was going on about wrestling a troll. Harry smiled weakly. Yes, trying on the hat was a lot better than having to do a spell, but he did wish they eould have tried it on without everyone watehing. The hat seemed to be asking rather a lot; Harry didnt feel brave or quiek-witted or any of it at the moment. If only the hat had mentioned a House for people who felt a bit queasy, that would have been the one for him. Professor MeGonagall now stepped forward holding a long roll of parehment. When I eall your name, you will put on the hat and sit on the stool to be sorted, she said. Abbott, Hannah! Page I 133 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling A pink-faced girl with blonde pigtails stumbled out of line, put on the hat, whieh fell right down over her eyes, and sat down. A moments pause  HUFFLEPUFF! shouted the hat. The table on the right eheered and elapped as Hannah went to sit down at the Hufflepuff table. Harry saw the ghost of the Fat Friar waving merrily at her. Bones, Susan! HUFFLEPUFF! shouted the hat again, and Susan seuttled off to sit next to Hannah. Boot, Terry! RAVENCLAW! The table seeond from the left elapped this time; several Ravenelaws stood up to shake hands with Terry as he joined them. Broeklehurst, Mandy went to Ravenelaw too, but Brown, Lavender beeame the first new Gryffindor, and the table on the far left exploded with eheers; Harry eould see Rons twin brothers eatealling. Bulstrode, Millieent then beeame a Slytherin. Perhaps it was Harrys imagination, after all hed heard about Slytherin, but he thought they looked like an unpleasant lot. He was starting to feel definitely siek now. He remembered being pieked for teams during gym at his old sehool. He had always been last to be ehosen, not beeause he was no good, but beeause no one wanted Dudley to think they liked him. Page I 134 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Finch-Fletchley, Justin! HUFFLEPUFF! Sometimes, Harry notieed, the hat shouted out the House at onee, but at others it took a little while to deeide. Finnigan, Seamus, the sandy-haired boy next to Harry in the line, sat on the stool for almost a whole minute before the hat deelared him a Gryffindor. Granger, Hermione! Hermione almost ran to the stool and jammed the hat eagerly on her head. GRYFFINDOR! shouted the hat. Ron groaned. A horrible thought struek Harry, as horrible thoughts always do when youre very nervous. What if he wasnt ehosen at all? What if he just sat there with the hat over his eyes for ages, until Professor MeGonagall jerked it off his head and said there had obviously been a mistake and hed better get baek on the train? When Neville Longbottom, the boy who kept losing his toad, was ealled, he fell over on his way to the stool. The hat took a long time to deeide with Neville. When it finally shouted, GRYFFINDOR, Neville ran off still wearing it, and had to jog baek amid gales of laughter to give it to MaeDougal, Morag. Malfoy swaggered forward when his name was ealled and got his wish at onee the hat had barely touehed his head when it sereamed, SLYTHERIN! Malfoy went to join his friends Crabbe and Goyle, looking pleased with himself. Page I 135 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling There werent many people left now. Moon , Nott ... , Parkinson ... , then a pair of twin girls, Patil and Patil ... , then Perks, Sally- Anne ... , and then, at last  Potter, Harry! As Harry stepped forward, whispers suddenly broke out like little hissing fires all over the hall. Potter, did she say? The Harry Potter? The last thing Harry saw before the hat dropped over his eyes was the hall full of people eraning to get a good look at him. Next seeond he was looking at the blaek inside of the hat. He waited. Hmm, said a small voiee in his ear. Diffreult. Very diffreult. Plenty of eourage, I see. Not a bad mind either. Theres talent, oh my goodness, yes  and a niee thirst to prove yourself, now thats interesting. ... So where shall I put you? Harry gripped the edges of the stool and thought. Not Slytherin, not Slytherin. Not Slytherin, eh? said the small voiee. Are you sure? You eould be great, you know, its all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the way to greatness, no doubt about that  no? Well, if youre sure  better be GRYFFINDOR! Harry heard the hat shout the last word to the whole hall. He took off the hat and walked shakily toward the Gryffrndor table. He was so relieved to have been ehosen and not put in Slytherin, he hardly notieed Page I 136 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling that he was getting the loudest eheer yet. Perey the Prefeet got up and shook his hand vigorously, while the Weasley twins yelled, We got Potter! We got Potter! Harry sat down opposite the ghost in the ruff hed seen earlier. The ghost patted his arm, giving Harry the sudden, horrible feeling hed just plunged it into a bueket of iee-eold water. He eould see the High Table properly now. At the end nearest him sat Hagrid, who eaught his eye and gave him the thumbs up. Harry grinned baek. And there, in the eenter of the High Table, in a large gold ehair, sat Albus Dumbledore. Harry reeognized him at onee from the eard hed gotten out of the Choeolate Frog on the train. Dumbledores silver hair was the only thing in the whole hall that shone as brightly as the ghosts. Harry spotted Professor Quirrell, too, the nervous young man from the Leaky Cauldron. He was looking very peeuliar in a large purple turban. And now there were only four people left to be sorted. Thomas, Dean, a Blaek boy even taller than Ron, joined Harry at the Gryffindor table. Turpin, Lisa, beeame a Ravenelaw and then it was Rons turn. He was pale green by now. Harry erossed his fingers under the table and a seeond later the hat had shouted, GRYFFINDOR! Harry elapped loudly with the rest as Ron eollapsed into the ehair next to him. Well done, Ron, exeellent, said Perey Weasley pompously aeross Harry as Zabini, Blaise, was made a Slytherin. Professor MeGonagall rolled up her seroll and took the Sorting Hat away. Harry looked down at his empty gold plate. He had only just realized how hungry he was. The pumpkin pasties seemed ages ago. Page I 137 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Albus Dumbledore had gotten to his feet. He was beaming at the students, his arms opened wide, as if nothing eould have pleased him more than to see them all there. Weleome! he said. Weleome to a new year at Hogwarts! Before we begin our banquet, I would like to say a few words. And here they are Nitwit! Blubber! Oddment! Tweak! Thank you! He sat baek down. Everybody elapped and eheered. Harry didnt know whether to laugh or not. Is he  a bit mad? he asked Perey uneertainly. Mad? said Perey airily. Hes a genius! Best wizard in the world! But he is a bit mad, yes. Potatoes, Harry? Harrys mouth fell open. The dishes in front of him were now piled with food. He had never seen so many things he liked to eat on one table roast beef, roast ehieken, pork ehops and lamb ehops, sausages, baeon and steak, boiled potatoes, roast potatoes, fries, Yorkshire pudding, peas, earrots, gravy, ketehup, and, for some strange reason, peppermint humbugs. The Dursleys had never exaetly starved Harry, but hed never been allowed to eat as mueh as he liked. Dudley had always taken anything that Harry really wanted, even if it made him siek. Harry piled his plate with a bit of everything exeept the peppermints and began to eat. It was all delieious. That does look good, said the ghost in the ruff sadly, watehing Harry eut up his steak. Page I 138 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Cant you  ? I havent eaten for nearly five hundred years, said the ghost. I dont need to, of eourse, but one does miss it. I dont think Ive introdueed myself? Sir Nieholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your serviee. Resident ghost of Gryffindor Tower. I know who you are! said Ron suddenly. My brothers told me about you  youre Nearly Headless Niek! I would prefer you to eall me Sir Nieholas de Mimsy  the ghost began stiffly, but sandy-haired Seamus Finnigan interrupted. Nearly Headless? How ean you be nearly headless? Sir Nieholas looked extremely miffed, as if their little ehat wasnt going at all the way he wanted. Like this, he said irritably. He seized his left ear and pulled. His whole head swung off his neek and fell onto his shoulder as if it was on a hinge. Someone had obviously tried to behead him, but not done it properly. Looking pleased at the stunned looks on their faees. Nearly Headless Niek flipped his head baek onto his neek, eoughed, and said, So  new Gryffindors! I hope youre going to help us win the House Championship this year? Gryffindors have never gone so long without winning. Slytherins have got the eup six years in a row! The Bloody Barons beeoming almost unbearable  hes the Slytherin ghost. Harry looked over at the Slytherin table and saw a horrible ghost sitting there, with blank staring eyes, a gaunt faee, and robes stained with silver blood. He was right next to Malfoy who, Harry was pleased to Page I 139 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling see, didnt look too pleased with the seating arrangements. How did he get eovered in blood? asked Seamus with great interest. Ive never asked, said Nearly Headless Niek delieately. When everyone had eaten as mueh as they eould, the remains of the food faded from the plates, leaving them sparkling elean as before. A moment later the desserts appeared. Bloeks of iee eream in every flavor you eould think of, apple pies, treaele tarts, ehoeolate eelairs and jam doughnuts, trifle, strawberries, Jell- 0, riee pudding ... As Harry helped himself to a treaele tart, the talk turned to their families. Im half-and-half, said Seamus. Me dads a Muggle. Mom didnt tell him she was a witeh til after they were married. Bit of a nasty shook for him. The others laughed. What about you, Neville? said Ron. Well, my gran brought me up and shes a witeh, said Neville, but the family thought I was all-Muggle for ages. My Great Unele Algie kept trying to eateh me off my guard and foree some magie out of me  he pushed me off the end of Blaekpool pier onee, I nearly drowned  but nothing happened until I was eight. Great Unele Algie eame round for dinner, and he was hanging me out of an upstairs window by the ankles when my Great Auntie Enid offered him a meringue and he aeeidentally let go. But I bouneed  all the way down the garden and into the road. They were all Page I 140 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling really pleased, Gran was erying, she was so happy. And you should have seen their faees when I got in here  they thought I might not be magie enough to eome, you see. Great Unele Algie was so pleased he bought me my toad. On Harrys other side, Perey Weasley and Hermione were talking about lessons I do hope they start right away, theres so mueh to learn. Im partieularly interested in Transfiguration, you know, turning something into something else, of eourse, its supposed to be very diffieult Youll be starting small, just matehes into needles and that sort of thing . Harry, who was starting to feel warm and sleepy, looked up at the High Table again. Hagrid was drinking deeply from his goblet. Professor MeGonagall was talking to Professor Dumbledore. Professor Quirrell, in his absurd turban, was talking to a teaeher with greasy blaek hair, a hooked nose, and sallow skin. It happened very suddenly. The hook-nosed teaeher looked past QuirrelTs turban straight into Harrys eyes  and a sharp, hot pain shot aeross the sear on Harrys forehead. Oueh! Harry elapped a hand to his head. What is it? asked Perey. N-nothing. The pain had gone as quiekly as it had eome. Harder to shake off was the feeling Harry had gotten from the teaehers look  a feeling that he didnt like Harry at all. Page I 141 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Whos that teacher talking to Professor Quirrell? he asked Percy. Oh, you know Quirrell already, do you? No wonder hes looking so nervous, thats Professor Snape. He teaches Potions, but he doesnt want to  everyone knows hes after Quirrells job. Knows an awful lot about the Dark Arts, Snape. Harry watched Snape for a while, but Snape didnt look at him again. At last, the desserts too disappeared, and Professor Dumbledore got to his feet again. The hall fell silent. Ahem just a few more words now that we are all fed and watered. I have a few start-of-term notices to give you. First years should note that the forest on the grounds is forbidden to all pupils. And a few of our older students would do well to remember that as well. Dumbledores twinkling eyes flashed in the direction of the Weasley twins. I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that no magic should be used between classes in the corridors. Quidditch trials will be held in the second week of the term. Anyone interested in playing for their House teams should contact Madam Hooch. And finally, I must tell you that this year, the third- floor corridor on the right-hand side is out of bounds to everyone who does not wish to die a very painful death. Page I 142 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry laughed, but he was one of the few who did. Hes not serious? he muttered to Perey. Must be, said Perey, frowning at Dumbledore. Its odd, beeause he usually gives us a reason why were not allowed to go somewhere  the forests full of dangerous beasts, everyone knows that. I do think he might have told us prefeets, at least. And now, before we go to bed, let us sing the sehool song! eried Dumbledore. Harry notieed that the other teaehers smiles had beeome rather fixed. Dumbledore gave his wand a little fiiek, as if he was trying to get a fly off the end, and a long golden ribbon flew out of it, whieh rose high above the tables and twisted itself, snakelike, into words. Everyone piek their favorite tune, said Dumbledore, and off we go! And the sehool bellowed Hogwarts, Hogwarts, Hoggy Warty Hogwarts, Teaeh us something please. Whether we be old and bald Or young with seabby knees. Our heads eould do with filling With some interesting stuff. For now theyre bare and full of air. Dead flies and bits of fluff. Page I 143 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling So teach us things worth knowing, Bring back what weve forgot, Just do your best, well do the rest. And learn until our brains all rot Everybody finished the song at different times. At last, only the Weasley twins were left singing along to a very slow funeral march. Dumbledore conducted their last few lines with his wand and when they had finished, he was one of those who clapped loudest. Ah, music, he said, wiping his eyes. A magic beyond all we do here! And now, bedtime. Off you trot! The Gryffindor first years followed Percy through the chattering crowds, out of the Great Hall, and up the marble staircase. Harrys legs were like lead again, but only because he was so tired and full of food. He was too sleepy even to be surprised that the people in the portraits along the corridors whispered and pointed as they passed, or that twice Percy led them through doorways hidden behind sliding panels and hanging tapestries. They climbed more staircases, yawning and dragging their feet, and Harry was just wondering how much farther they had to go when they came to a sudden halt. A bundle of walking sticks was floating in midair ahead of them, and as Percy took a step toward them they started throwing themselves at him. Peeves, Percy whispered to the first years. A poltergeist. He raised his voice, Peeves  show yourself. Page I 144 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling A loud, rude sound, like the air being let out of a balloon, answered. Do you want me to go to the Bloody Baron? There was a pop, and a little man with wieked, dark eyes and a wide mouth appeared, floating eross- legged in the air, elutehing the walking stieks. Oooooooh! he said, with an evil eaekle. lekle Firsties! What fun! He swooped suddenly at them. They all dueked. Go away. Peeves, or the Baronll hear about this, I mean it! barked Perey. Peeves stuek out his tongue and vanished, dropping the walking stieks on Nevilles head. They heard him zooming away, rattling eoats of armor as he passed. You want to wateh out for Peeves, said Perey, as they set off again. The Bloody Barons the only one who ean eontrol him, he wont even listen to us prefeets. Here we are. At the very end of the eorridor hung a portrait of a very fat woman in a pink silk dress. Password? she said. Caput Draeonis, said Perey, and the portrait swung forward to reveal a round hole in the wall. They all serambled through it  Neville needed a leg up  and found themselves in the Gryffindor eommon room, a eozy, round room full of squashy armehairs. Perey direeted the girls through one door to their dormitory and the boys through another. At the top of Page I 145 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling a spiral staircase  they were obviously in one of the towers  they found their beds at last five four- posters hung with deep red, velvet eurtains. Their trunks had already been brought up. Too tired to talk mueh, they pulled on their pajamas and fell into bed. Great food, isnt it? Ron muttered to Harry through the hangings. Get off, Seabbers! Hes ehewing my sheets. Harry was going to ask Ron if hed had any of the treaele tart, but he fell asleep almost at onee. Perhaps Harry had eaten a bit too mueh, beeause he had a very strange dream. He was wearing Professor QuirrelTs turban, whieh kept talking to him, telling him he must transfer to Slytherin at onee, beeause it was his destiny. Harry told the turban he didnt want to be in Slytherin; it got heavier and heavier; he tried to pull it off but it tightened painfully  and there was Malfoy, laughing at him as he struggled with it  then Malfoy turned into the hook-nosed teaeher, Snape, whose laugh beeame high and eold  there was a burst of green light and Harry woke, sweating and shaking. He rolled over and fell asleep again, and when he woke next day, he didnt remember the dream at all. Page I 146 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling THE POTIONS MASTER There, look. Where? Next to the tall kid with the red hair. Wearing the glasses? Did you see his faee? Did you see his sear? Whispers followed Harry from the moment he left his dormitory the next day. People lining up outside elassrooms stood on tiptoe to get a look at him, or doubled baek to pass him in the eorridors again, staring. Harry wished they wouldnt, beeause he was trying to eoneentrate on finding his way to elasses. There were a hundred and forty-two staireases at Hogwarts wide, sweeping ones; narrow, riekety ones; some that led somewhere different on a Friday; some Page I 147 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling with a vanishing step halfway up that you had to remember to jump. Then there were doors that wouldnt open unless you asked politely, or tiekled them in exaetly the right plaee, and doors that werent really doors at all, but solid walls just pretending. It was also very hard to remember where anything was, beeause it all seemed to move around a lot. The people in the portraits kept going to visit eaeh other, and Harry was sure the eoats of armor eould walk. The ghosts didnt help, either. It was always a nasty shoek when one of them glided suddenly through a door you were trying to open. Nearly Headless Niek was always happy to point new Gryffindors in the right direetion, but Peeves the Poltergeist was worth two looked doors and a triek stairease if you met him when you were late for elass. He would drop wastepaper baskets on your head, pull mgs from under your feet, pelt you with bits of ehalk, or sneak up behind you, invisible, grab your nose, and sereeeh, GOT YOUR CONK! Even worse than Peeves, if that was possible, was the earetaker, Argus Fileh. Harry and Ron managed to get on the wrong side of him on their very first morning. Fileh found them trying to foree their way through a door that unluekily turned out to be the entranee to the out-of-bounds eorridor on the third floor. He wouldnt believe they were lost, was sure they were trying to break into it on purpose, and was threatening to look them in the dungeons when they were reseued by Professor Quirrell, who was passing. Fileh owned a eat ealled Mrs. Norris, a serawny, dust- eolored ereature with bulging, lamplike eyes just like Filehs. She patrolled the eorridors alone. Break a mle in front of her, put just one toe out of line, and shed whisk off for Fileh, whod appear, wheezing, two seeonds later. Fileh knew the seeret passageways of Page I 148 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling the school better than anyone except perhaps the Weasley twins and could pop up as suddenly as any of the ghosts. The students all hated him, and it was the dearest ambition of many to give Mrs. Norris a good kick. And then, once you had managed to find them, there were the classes themselves. There was a lot more to magic, as Harry quickly found out, than waving your wand and saying a few funny words. They had to study the night skies through their telescopes every Wednesday at midnight and learn the names of different stars and the movements of the planets. Three times a week they went out to the greenhouses behind the castle to study Herbology, with a dumpy little witch called Professor Sprout, where they learned how to take care of all the strange plants and fungi, and found out what they were used for. Easily the most boring class was History of Magic, which was the only one taught by a ghost. Professor Binns had been very old indeed when he had fallen asleep in front of the staff room fire and got up next morning to teach, leaving his body behind him. Binns droned on and on while they scribbled down names and dates, and got Emeric the Evil and Uric the Oddball mixed up. Professor Flitwick, the Charms teacher, was a tiny little wizard who had to stand on a pile of books to see over his desk. At the start of their first class he took the roll call, and when he reached Harrys name he gave an excited squeak and toppled out of sight. Professor McGonagall was again different. Harry had been quite right to think she wasnt a teacher to Page I 149 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling cross. Strict and clever, she gave them a talking-to the moment they sat down in her first elass. Transfiguration is some of the most eomplex and dangerous magie you will learn at Hogwarts, she said. Anyone messing around in my elass will leave and not eome baek. You have been warned. Then she ehanged her desk into a pig and baek again. They were all very impressed and eouldnt wait to get started, but soon realized they werent going to be ehanging the furniture into animals for a long time. After taking a lot of eomplieated notes, they were eaeh given a mateh and started trying to turn it into a needle. By the end of the lesson, only Hermione Granger had made any differenee to her mateh; Professor MeGonagall showed the elass how it had gone all silver and pointy and gave Hermione a rare smile. The elass everyone had really been looking forward to was Defense Against the Dark Arts, but QuirrelTs lessons turned out to be a bit of a joke. His elassroom smelled strongly of garlie, whieh everyone said was to ward off a vampire hed met in Romania and was afraid would be eoming baek to get him one of these days. His turban, he told them, had been given to him by an Afriean prinee as a thank-you for getting rid of a troublesome zombie, but they werent sure they believed this story. For one thing, when Seamus Finnigan asked eagerly to hear how Quirrell had fought off the zombie, Quirrell went pink and started talking about the weather; for another, they had notieed that a funny smell hung around the turban, and the Weasley twins insisted that it was stuffed full of garlie as well, so that Quirrell was proteeted wherever he went. Page I 150 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry was very relieved to find out that he wasnt miles behind everyone else. Lots of people had eome from Muggle families and, like him, hadnt had any idea that they were witehes and wizards. There was so mueh to learn that even people like Ron didnt have mueh of a head start. Friday was an important day for Harry and Ron. They finally managed to find their way down to the Great Hall for breakfast without getting lost onee. What have we got today? Harry asked Ron as he poured sugar on his porridge. Double Potions with the Slytherins, said Ron. Snapes Head of Slytherin House. They say he always favors them  well be able to see if its true. Wish MeGonagall favored us, said Harry. Professor MeGonagall was head of Gryffindor House, but it hadnt stopped her from giving them a huge pile of homework the day before. Just then, the mail arrived. Harry had gotten used to this by now, but it had given him a bit of a shook on the first morning, when about a hundred owls had suddenly streamed into the Great Hall during breakfast, eireling the tables until they saw their owners, and dropping letters and paekages onto their laps. Hedwig hadnt brought Harry anything so far. She sometimes flew in to nibble his ear and have a bit of toast before going off to sleep in the owlery with the other sehool owls. This morning, however, she fluttered down between the marmalade and the sugar bowl and dropped a note onto Harrys plate. Harry tore it open at onee. It said, in a very untidy serawl Page I 151 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Dear Harry, I know you get Friday afternoons off so would you like to come and have a cup of tea with me around three? I want to hear all about your first week. Send us an answer back with Hedwig. Hagrid Harry borrowed Rons quill, scribbled Yes, please, see you later on the back of the note, and sent Hedwig off again. It was lucky that Harry had tea with Hagrid to look forward to, because the Potions lesson turned out to be the worst thing that had happened to him so far. At the start-of-term banquet, Harry had gotten the idea that Professor Snape disliked him. By the end of the first Potions lesson, he knew hed been wrong. Snape didnt dislike Harry  he hated him. Potions lessons took place down in one of the dungeons. It was colder here than up in the main castle, and would have been quite creepy enough without the pickled animals floating in glass jars all around the walls. Snape, like Flitwick, started the class by taking the roll call, and like Flitwick, he paused at Harrys name. Ah, yes, he said softly, Harry Potter. Our new  celebrity. Draco Malfoy and his friends Crabbe and Goyle sniggered behind their hands. Snape finished calling the names and looked up at the class. His eyes were black like Hagrids, but they had none of Hagrids Page I 152 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling warmth. They were eold and empty and made you think of dark tunnels. You are here to learn the subtle seienee and exaet art of potion-making, he began. He spoke in barely more than a whisper, but they eaught every word  like Professor MeGonagall, Snape had the gift of keeping a elass silent without effort. As there is little foolish wand-waving here, many of you will hardly believe this is magie. I dont expeet you will really understand the beauty of the softly simmering eauldron with its shimmering fumes, the delieate power of liquids that ereep through human veins, bewitehing the mind, ensnaring the senses. ... I ean teaeh you how to bottle fame, brew glory, even stopper death  if you arent as big a buneh of dunderheads as I usually have to teaeh. More silenee followed this little speeeh. Harry and Ron exehanged looks with raised eyebrows. Hermione Granger was on the edge of her seat and looked desperate to start proving that she wasnt a dunderhead. Potter! said Snape suddenly. What would I get if I added powdered root of asphodel to an infusion of wormwood? Powdered root of what to an infusion of what? Harry glaneed at Ron, who looked as stumped as he was; Hermiones hand had shot into the air. I dont know, sir, said Harry. Snapes lips eurled into a sneer. Tut, tut  fame elearly isnt everything. He ignored Hermiones hand. Page I 153 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Lets try again. Potter, where would you look if I told you to find me a bezoar? Hermione stretehed her hand as high into the air as it would go without her leaving her seat, but Harry didnt have the faintest idea what a bezoar was. He tried not to look at Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle, who were shaking with laughter. I dont know, sir. Thought you wouldnt open a book before eoming, eh. Potter? Harry foreed himself to keep looking straight into those eold eyes. He had looked through his books at the Dursleys, but did Snape expeet him to remember everything in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi? Snape was still ignoring Hermiones quivering hand. What is the differenee. Potter, between monkshood and wolfsbane? At this, Hermione stood up, her hand stretehing toward the dungeon eeiling. I dont know, said Harry quietly. I think Hermione does, though, why dont you try her? A few people laughed; Harry eaught Seamuss eye, and Seamus winked. Snape, however, was not pleased. Sit down, he snapped at Hermione. For your information. Potter, asphodel and wormwood make a sleeping potion so powerful it is known as the Draught of Living Death. A bezoar is a stone taken Page I 154 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling from the stomach of a goat and it will save you from most poisons. As for monkshood and wolfsbane, they are the same plant, which also goes by the name of aconite. Well? Why arent you all copying that down? There was a sudden rummaging for quills and parchment. Over the noise, Snape said, And a point will be taken from Gryffindor House for your cheek. Potter. Things didnt improve for the Gryffindors as the Potions lesson continued. Snape put them all into pairs and set them to mixing up a simple potion to cure boils. He swept around in his long black cloak, watching them weigh dried nettles and crush snake fangs, criticizing almost everyone except Malfoy, whom he seemed to like. He was just telling everyone to look at the perfect way Malfoy had stewed his horned slugs when clouds of acid green smoke and a loud hissing filled the dungeon. Neville had somehow managed to melt Seamuss cauldron into a twisted blob, and their potion was seeping across the stone floor, burning holes in peoples shoes. Within seconds, the whole class was standing on their stools while Neville, who had been drenched in the potion when the cauldron collapsed, moaned in pain as angry red boils sprang up all over his arms and legs. Idiot boy! snarled Snape, clearing the spilled potion away with one wave of his wand. I suppose you added the porcupine quills before taking the cauldron off the fire? Neville whimpered as boils started to pop up all over his nose. Take him up to the hospital wing, Snape spat at Seamus. Then he rounded on Harry and Ron, who had been working next to Neville. Page I 155 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling You  Potter  why didnt you tell him not to add the quills? Thought hed make you look good if he got it wrong, did you? Thats another point youve lost for Gryffmdor. This was so unfair that Harry opened his mouth to argue, but Ron kieked him behind their eauldron. Dont push it, he muttered, Ive heard Snape ean turn very nasty. As they elimbed the steps out of the dungeon an hour later, Harrys mind was raeing and his spirits were low. Hed lost two points for Gryffindor in his very first week  why did Snape hate him so mueh? Cheer up, said Ron, Snapes always taking points off Fred and George. Can I eome and meet Hagrid with you? At five to three they left the eastle and made their way aeross the grounds. Hagrid lived in a small wooden house on the edge of the forbidden forest. A erossbow and a pair of galoshes were outside the front door. When Harry knoeked they heard a frantie serabbling from inside and several booming barks. Then Hagrids voiee rang out, saying, Back, Fang  back. Hagrids big, hairy faee appeared in the eraek as he pulled the door open. Hang on, he said. Back, Fang. He let them in, strurggling to keep a hold on the eollar of an enormous blaek boarhound. There was only one room inside. Hams and pheasants were hanging from the eeiling, a eopper kettle was Page I 156 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling boiling on the open fire, and in the eorner stood a massive bed with a patehwork quilt over it. Make yerselves at home, said Hagrid, letting go of Fang, who bounded straight at Ron and started lieking his ears. Like Hagrid, Fang was clearly not as fierce as he looked. This is Ron, Harry told Hagrid, who was pouring boiling water into a large teapot and putting rock cakes onto a plate. Another Weasley, eh? said Hagrid, glancing at Rons freckles. I spent half me life chasin yer twin brothers away from the forest. The rock cakes were shapeless lumps with raisins that almost broke their teeth, but Harry and Ron pretended to be enjoying them as they told Hagrid all about their first lessons. Fang rested his head on Harrys knee and drooled all over his robes. Harry and Ron were delighted to hear Hagrid call Filch that old git. An as fer that cat, Mrs. Norris, Id like ter introduce her to Fang sometime. Dyeh know, every time I go up ter the school, she follows me everywhere? Cant get rid of her  Filch puts her up to it. Harry told Hagrid about Snapes lesson. Hagrid, like Ron, told Harry not to worry about it, that Snape liked hardly any of the students. But he seemed to really hate me. Rubbish! said Hagrid. Why should he? Page I 157 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Yet Harry couldnt help thinking that Hagrid didnt quite meet his eyes when he said that. Hows yer brother Charlie? Hagrid asked Ron. I liked him a lot  great with animals. Harry wondered if Hagrid had changed the subject on purpose. While Ron told Hagrid all about Charlies work with dragons, Harry picked up a piece of paper that was lying on the table under the tea cozy. It was a cutting from the DaRy Prophet GRINGOTTS BREAK-IN LATEST Investigations continue into the break-in at Gringotts on 31 July, widely believed to be the work of Dark wizards or witches unknown. Gringotts goblins today insisted that nothing had been taken. The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied the same day. But were not telling you what was in there, so keep your noses out if you know whats good for you, said a Gringotts spokesgoblin this afternoon. Harry remembered Ron telling him on the train that someone had tried to rob Gringotts, but Ron hadnt mentioned the date. Hagrid! said Harry, that Gringotts break-in happened on my birthday! It mightve been happening while we were there! There was no doubt about it, Hagrid definitely didnt meet Harrys eyes this time. He grunted and offered him another rock cake. Harry read the story again. The vault that was searched had in fact been emptied earlier that same day. Hagrid had emptied vault seven Page I 158 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling hundred and thirteen, if you eould eall it emptying, taking out that grubby little paekage. Had that been what the thieves were looking for? As Harry and Ron walked baek to the eastle for dinner, their poekets weighed down with roek eakes theyd been too polite to refuse, Harry thought that none of the lessons hed had so far had given him as mueh to think about as tea with Hagrid. Had Hagrid eolleeted that paekage just in time? Where was it now? And did Hagrid know something about Snape that he didnt want to tell Harry? Page I 159 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling THE MIDNIGHT DUEL Harry had never believed he would meet a boy he hated more than Dudley, but that was before he met Draeo Malfoy. Still, first-year Gryffindors only had Potions with the Slytherins, so they didnt have to put up with Malfoy mueh. Or at least, they didnt until they spotted a notiee pinned up in the Gryffindor eommon room that made them all groan. Flying lessons would be starting on Thursday  and Gryffindor and Slytherin would be learning together. Typieal, said Harry darkly. Just what I always wanted. To make a fool of myself on a broomstiek in front of Malfoy. He had been looking forward to learning to fly more than anything else. You dont know that youll make a fool of yourself, said Ron reasonably. An 5 rway, 1 know Malfoys always going on about how good he is at Quidditeh, but I bet thats all talk. Page I 160 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Malfoy certainly did talk about flying a lot. He eomplained loudly about first years never getting on the House Quidditeh teams and told long, boastful stories that always seemed to end with him narrowly eseaping Muggles in helieopters. He wasnt the only one, though the way Seamus Finnigan told it, hed spent most of his ehildhood zooming around the eountryside on his broomstiek. Even Ron would tell anyone whod listen about the time hed almost hit a hang glider on Charlies old broom. Everyone from wizarding families talked about Quidditeh eonstantly. Ron had already had a big argument with Dean Thomas, who shared their dormitory, about soeeer. Ron eouldnt see what was exeiting about a game with only one ball where no one was allowed to fly. Harry had eaught Ron prodding Deans poster of West Ham soeeer team, trying to make the players move. Neville had never been on a broomstiek in his life, beeause his grandmother had never let him near one. Privately, Harry felt shed had good reason, beeause Neville managed to have an extraordinary number of aeeidents even with both feet on the ground. Hermione Granger was almost as nervous about flying as Neville was. This was something you eouldnt learn by heart out of a book  not that she hadnt tried. At breakfast on Thursday she bored them all stupid with flying tips shed gotten out of a library book ealled Quidditeh Through the Ages. Neville was hanging on to her every word, desperate for anything that might help him hang on to his broomstiek later, but everybody else was very pleased when Hermiones leeture was interrupted by the arrival of the mail. Harry hadnt had a single letter sinee Hagrids note, something that Malfoy had been quiek to notiee, of eourse. Malfoys eagle owl was always bringing him Page I 161 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling packages of sweets from home, whieh he opened gloatingly at the Slytherin table. A barn owl brought Neville a small paekage from his grandmother. He opened it exeitedly and showed them a glass ball the size of a large marble, whieh seemed to be full of white smoke. Its a Remembrall! he explained. Gran knows I forget things  this tells you if theres something youve forgotten to do. Look, you hold it tight like this and if it turns red  oh ... His faee fell, beeause the Remembrall had suddenly glowed searlet, ... youve forgotten something ... Neville was trying to remember what hed forgotten when Draeo Malfoy, who was passing the Gryffindor table, snatehed the Remembrall out of his hand. Harry and Ron jumped to their feet. They were half hoping for a reason to fight Malfoy, but Professor MeGonagall, who eould spot trouble quieker than any teaeher in the sehool, was there in a flash. Whats going on? Malfoys got my Remembrall, Professor. Seowling, Malfoy quiekly dropped the Remembrall baek on the table. Just looking, he said, and he sloped away with Crabbe and Goyle behind him. At three-thirty that afternoon, Harry, Ron, and the other Gryffindors hurried down the front steps onto the grounds for their first flying lesson. It was a elear, breezy day, and the grass rippled under their feet as they marehed down the sloping lawns toward a Page I 162 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling smooth, flat lawn on the opposite side of the grounds to the forbidden forest, whose trees were swaying darkly in the distanee. The Slytherins were already there, and so were twenty broomstieks lying in neat lines on the ground. Harry had heard Fred and George Weasley eomplain about the sehool brooms, saying that some of them started to vibrate if you flew too high, or always flew slightly to the left. Their teaeher. Madam Hooeh, arrived. She had short, gray hair, and yellow eyes like a hawk. Well, what are you all waiting for? she barked. Everyone stand by a broomstiek. Come on, hurry up. Harry glaneed down at his broom. It was old and some of the twigs stuek out at odd angles. Stiek out your right hand over your broom, ealled Madam Hooeh at the front, and say Up!  UP! everyone shouted. Harrys broom jumped into his hand at onee, but it was one of the few that did. Hermione Grangers had simply rolled over on the ground, and Nevilles hadnt moved at all. Perhaps brooms, like horses, eould tell when you were afraid, thought Harry; there was a quaver in Nevilles voiee that said only too elearly that he wanted to keep his feet on the ground. Madam Hooeh then showed them how to mount their brooms without sliding off the end, and walked up and down the rows eorreeting their grips. Harry and Ron were delighted when she told Malfoy hed been doing it wrong for years. Page I 163 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Now, when I blow my whistle, you kiek off from the ground, hard, said Madam Hooeh. Keep your brooms steady, rise a few feet, and then eome straight baek down by leaning forward slightly. On my whistle  three  two  But Neville, nervous and jumpy and frightened of being left on the ground, pushed off hard before the whistle had touehed Madam Hooehs lips. Come baek, boy! she shouted, but Neville was rising straight up like a eork shot out of a bottle  twelve feet  twenty feet. Harry saw his seared white faee look down at the ground falling away, saw him gasp, slip sideways off the broom and  WHAM  a thud and a nasty eraek and Neville lay faeedown on the grass in a heap. His broomstiek was still rising higher and higher, and started to drift lazily toward the forbidden forest and out of sight. Madam Hooeh was bending over Neville, her faee as white as his. Broken wrist, Harry heard her mutter. Come on, boy  its all right, up you get. She turned to the rest of the elass. None of you is to move while I take this boy to the hospital wing! You leave those brooms where they are or youll be out of Hogwarts before you ean say Quidditeh. Come on, dear. Neville, his faee tear-streaked, elutehing his wrist, hobbled off with Madam Hooeh, who had her arm around him. Page I 164 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling No sooner were they out of earshot than Malfoy burst into laughter. Did you see his faee, the great lump? The other Slytherins joined in. Shut up, Malfoy, snapped Parvati Patil. Ooh, stieking up for Longbottom? said Pansy Parkinson, a hard-faeed Slytherin girl. Never thought youd like fat little erybabies, Parvati. Look! said Malfoy, darting forward and snatehing something out of the grass. Its that stupid thing Longbottoms gran sent him. The Remembrall glittered in the sun as he held it up. Give that here, Malfoy, said Harry quietly. Everyone stopped talking to wateh. Malfoy smiled nastily. 1 think Ill leave it somewhere for Longbottom to find  how about  up a tree? Give it herel Harry yelled, but Malfoy had leapt onto his broomstiek and taken off. He hadnt been lying, he could fly well. Hovering level with the topmost branehes of an oak he ealled, Come and get it. Potter! Harry grabbed his broom. iVo! shouted Hermione Granger. Madam Hooeh told us not to move  you 11 get us all into trouble. Page I 165 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry ignored her. Blood was pounding in his ears. He mounted the broom and kieked hard against the ground and up, up he soared; air rushed through his hair, and his robes whipped out behind him  and in a rush of fieree joy he realized hed found something he eould do without being taught  this was easy, this was wonderful. He pulled his broomstiek up a little to take it even higher, and heard sereams and gasps of girls baek on the ground and an admiring whoop from Ron. He turned his broomstiek sharply to faee Malfoy in midair. Malfoy looked stunned. Give it here, Harry ealled, or Ill knoek you off that broom! Oh, yeah? said Malfoy, trying to sneer, but looking worried. Harry knew, somehow, what to do. He leaned forward and grasped the broom tightly in both hands, and it shot toward Malfoy like a javelin. Malfoy only just got out of the way in time; Harry made a sharp about- faee and held the broom steady. A few people below were elapping. No Crabbe and Goyle up here to save your neek, Malfoy, Harry ealled. The same thought seemed to have stmek Malfoy. Cateh it if you ean, then! he shouted, and he threw the glass ball high into the air and streaked baek toward the ground. Harry saw, as though in slow motion, the ball rise up in the air and then start to fall. He leaned forward and pointed his broom handle down  next seeond Page I 166 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling he was gathering speed in a steep dive, raeing the ball  wind whistled in his ears, mingled with the sereams of people watehing  he stretehed out his hand  a foot from the ground he eaught it, just in time to pull his broom straight, and he toppled gently onto the grass with the Remembrall elutehed safely in his fist. HARRY POTTER! His heart sank faster than hed just dived. Professor MeGonagall was running toward them. He got to his feet, trembling. Never  in all my time at Hogwarts  Professor MeGonagall was almost speeehless with shook, and her glasses flashed furiously,  how dare you  might have broken your neek  It wasnt his fault. Professor  Be quiet. Miss Patil  But Malfoy  Thats enough, Mr. Weasley. Potter, follow me, now. Harry eaught sight of Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyles triumphant faees as he left, walking numbly in Professor MeGonagalls wake as she strode toward the eastle. He was going to be expelled, he just knew it. He wanted to say something to defend himself, but there seemed to be something wrong with his voiee. Professor MeGonagall was sweeping along without even looking at him; he had to jog to keep up. Now hed done it. He hadnt even lasted two weeks. Hed be paeking his bags in ten minutes. What would the Dursleys say when he turned up on the doorstep? Page I 167 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Up the front steps, up the marble stairease inside, and still Professor MeGonagall didnt say a word to him. She wrenehed open doors and marehed along eorridors with Harry trotting miserably behind her. Maybe she was taking him to Dumbledore. He thought of Hagrid, expelled but allowed to stay on as gamekeeper. Perhaps he eould be Hagrids assistant. His stomaeh twisted as he imagined it, watehing Ron and the others beeoming wizards while he stumped around the grounds earrying Hagrids bag. Professor MeGonagall stopped outside a elassroom. She opened the door and poked her head inside. Exeuse me. Professor Flitwiek, eould I borrow Wood for a moment? Wood? thought Harry, bewildered; was Wood a eane she was going to use on him? But Wood turned out to be a person, a burly fifth-year boy who eame out of Flitwieks elass looking eonfused. Follow me, you two, said Professor MeGonagall, and they marehed on up the eorridor. Wood looking euriously at Harry. In here. Professor MeGonagall pointed them into a elassroom that was empty exeept for Peeves, who was busy writing rude words on the blaekboard. Out, Peeves! she barked. Peeves threw the ehalk into a bin, whieh elanged loudly, and he swooped out eursing. Professor MeGonagall slammed the door behind him and turned to faee the two boys. Page I 168 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Potter, this is Oliver Wood. Wood  Ive found you a Seeker. Woods expression ehanged from puzzlement to delight. Are you serious, Professor? Absolutely, said Professor MeGonagall erisply. The boys a natural. Ive never seen anything like it. Was that your first time on a broomstiek. Potter? Harry nodded silently. He didnt have a elue what was going on, but he didnt seem to be being expelled, and some of the feeling started eoming baek to his legs. He eaught that thing in his hand after a fifty-foot dive, Professor MeGonagall told Wood. Didnt even serateh himself. Charlie Weasley eouldnt have done it. Wood was now looking as though all his dreams had eome true at onee. Ever seen a game of Quidditeh, Potter? he asked exeitedly. Woods eaptain of the Gryffindor team, Professor MeGonagall explained. Hes just the build for a Seeker, too, said Wood, now walking around Harry and staring at him. Light  speedy  well have to get him a deeent broom. Professor  a Nimbus Two Thousand or a Cleansweep Seven, Id say. I shall speak to Professor Dumbledore and see if we eant bend the first-year rrrle. Heaven knows, we need a better team than last year. Flattened in that last Page I 169 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling match by Slytherin, I couldnt look Severus Snape in the face for weeks. ... Professor MeGonagall peered sternly over her glasses at Harry. I want to hear youre training hard, Potter, or I may ehange my mind about punishing you. Then she suddenly smiled. Your father would have been proud, she said. He was an exeellent Quidditeh player himself. Youre joking. It was dinnertime. Harry had just finished telling Ron what had happened when hed left the grounds with Professor MeGonagall. Ron had a pieee of steak and kidney pie halfway to his mouth, but hed forgotten all about it. Seeker? he said. But first years never  you must be the youngest House player in about   a eentuiy, said Harry, shoveling pie into his mouth. He felt partieularly hungry after the exeitement of the afternoon. Wood told me. Ron was so amazed, so impressed, he just sat and gaped at Harry. I start training next week, said Harry. Only dont tell anyone. Wood wants to keep it a seeret. Fred and George Weasley now eame into the hall, spotted Harry, and hurried over. Page I 170 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Well done, said George in a low voiee. Wood told us. Were on the team too  Beaters. I tell you, were going to win that Quidditeh Cup for sure this year, said Fred. We havent won sinee Charlie left, but this years team is going to be brilliant. You must be good, Harry, Wood was almost skipping when he told us. Anyway, weve got to go, Lee Jordan reekons hes found a new seeret passageway out of the sehool. Bet its that one behind the statue of Gregory the Smarmy that we found in our first week. See you. Fred and George had hardly disappeared when someone far less weleome turned up Malfoy, flanked by Crabbe and Coyle. Having a last meal. Potter? When are you getting the train baek to the Muggles? Youre a lot braver now that youre baek on the ground and youve got your little friends with you, said Harry eoolly. There was of eourse nothing at all little about Crabbe and Coyle, but as the High Table was full of teaehers, neither of them eould do more than eraek their knuekles and seowl. Id take you on anytime on my own, said Malfoy. Tonight, if you want. Wizards duel. Wands only  no eontaet. Whats the matter? Never heard of a wizards duel before, I suppose? Of eourse he has, said Ron, wheeling around. Im his seeond, whos yours? Malfoy looked at Crabbe and Goyle, sizing them up. Page I 171 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Crabbe, he said. Midnight all right? Well meet you in the trophy room; thats always unloeked. When Malfoy had gone, Ron and Harry looked at eaeh other. What is a wizards duel? said Harry. And what do you mean, youre my seeond? Well, a seeonds there to take over if you die, said Ron easually, getting started at last on his eold pie. Catehing the look on Harrys faee, he added quiekly, But people only die in proper duels, you know, with real wizards. The most you and Malfoyll be able to do is send sparks at eaeh other. Neither of you knows enough magie to do any real damage. I bet he expeeted you to refuse, an 5 rway. And what if I wave my wand and nothing happens? Throw it away and puneh him on the nose, Ron suggested. Exeuse me. They both looked up. It was Hermione Granger. Cant a person eat in peaee in this plaee? said Ron. Hermione ignored him and spoke to Harry. I eouldnt help overhearing what you and Malfoy were saying  Bet you eould, Ron muttered.  and you mustnt go wandering around the sehool at night, think of the points you 11 lose Gryffindor if Page I 172 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling youre caught, and youre bound to be. Its really very selfish of you. And its really none of your business, said Harry. Good-bye, said Ron. All the same, it wasnt what youd call the perfect end to the day, Harry thought, as he lay awake much later listening to Dean and Seamus falling asleep Neville wasnt back from the hospital wing. Ron had spent all evening giving him advice such as If he tries to curse you, youd better dodge it, because I cant remember how to block them. There was a very good chance they were going to get caught by Filch or Mrs. Norris, and Harry felt he was pushing his luck, breaking another school rule today. On the other hand, Malfoys sneering face kept looming up out of the darkness  this was his big chance to beat Malfoy face-to-face. He couldnt miss it. Half-past eleven, Ron muttered at last, wed better go. They pulled on their bathrobes, picked up their wands, and crept across the tower room, down the spiral staircase, and into the Gryffindor common room. A few embers were still glowing in the fireplace, turning all the armchairs into hunched black shadows. They had almost reached the portrait hole when a voice spoke from the chair nearest them, I cant believe youre going to do this, Harry. A lamp flickered on. It was Hermione Granger, wearing a pink bathrobe and a frown. You! said Ron furiously. Go back to bed! Page I 173 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling I almost told your brother, Hermione snapped, Perey  hes a prefeet, hed put a stop to this. Harry eouldnt believe anyone eould be so interfering. Come on, he said to Ron. He pushed open the portrait of the Fat Lady and elimbed through the hole. Hermione wasnt going to give up that easily. She followed Ron through the portrait hole, hissing at them like an angry goose. Dont you care about Gryffindor, do you only eare about yourselves, I dont want Slytherin to win the House Cup, and youll lose all the points I got from Professor MeGonagall for knowing about Switehing Spells. Go away. All right, but I warned you, you just remember what I said when youre on the train home tomorrow, youre so  But what they were, they didnt find out. Hermione had turned to the portrait of the Fat Lady to get baek inside and found herself faeing an empty painting. The Fat Lady had gone on a nighttime visit and Hermione was loeked out of Gryffindor Tower. Now what am I going to do? she asked shrilly. Thats your problem, said Ron. Weve got to go, were going to be late. They hadnt even reaehed the end of the eorridor when Hermione eaught up with them. Im eoming with you, she said. Page I 174 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling You are not. Dyou think Im going to stand out here and wait for Fileh to eateh me? If he finds all three of us Ill tell him the truth, that I was trying to stop you, and you ean baek me up. Youve got some nerve  said Ron loudly. Shut up, both of you! said Harry sharply. I heard something. It was a sort of snuffling. Mrs. Norris? breathed Ron, squinting through the dark. It wasnt Mrs. Norris. It was Neville. He was eurled up on the floor, fast asleep, but jerked suddenly awake as they erept nearer. Thank goodness you found me! Ive been out here for hours, I eouldnt remember the new password to get in to bed. Keep your voiee down, Neville. The passwords Pig snout but it wont help you now, the Fat Ladys gone off somewhere. Hows your arm? said Harry. Fine, said Neville, showing them. Madam Pomfrey mended it in about a minute. Good  well, look, Neville, weve got to be somewhere, well see you later  Page I 175 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Dont leave me! said Neville, serambling to his feet, 1 dont want to stay here alone, the Bloody Barons been past twiee already. Ron looked at his wateh and then glared furiously at Hermione and Neville. If either of you get us eaught. Ill never rest until Ive learned that Curse of the Bogies Quirrell told us about, and used it on you. Hermione opened her mouth, perhaps to tell Ron exaetly how to use the Curse of the Bogies, but Harry hissed at her to be quiet and beekoned them all forward. They flitted along eorridors striped with bars of moonlight from the high windows. At every turn Harry expeeted to run into Fileh or Mrs. Norris, but they were lueky. They sped up a stairease to the third floor and tiptoed toward the trophy room. Malfoy and Crabbe werent there yet. The erystal trophy eases glimmered where the moonlight eaught them. Cups, shields, plates, and statues winked silver and gold in the darkness. They edged along the walls, keeping their eyes on the doors at either end of the room. Harry took out his wand in ease Malfoy leapt in and started at onee. The minutes erept by. Hes late, maybe hes ehiekened out, Ron whispered. Then a noise in the next room made them jump. Harry had only just raised his wand when they heard someone speak  and it wasnt Malfoy. Sniff around, my sweet, they might be lurking in a eorner. Page I 176 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling It was Filch speaking to Mrs. Norris. Horror-struck, Harry waved madly at the other three to follow him as quickly as possible; they scurried silently toward the door, away from Filchs voice. Nevilles robes had barely whipped round the corner when they heard Filch enter the trophy room. Theyre in here somewhere, they heard him mutter, probably hiding. This way! Harry mouthed to the others and, petrified, they began to creep down a long gallery full of suits of armor. They could hear Filch getting nearer. Neville suddenly let out a frightened squeak and broke into a run  he tripped, grabbed Ron around the waist, and the pair of them toppled right into a suit of armor. The clanging and crashing were enough to wake the whole castle. RUN! Harry yelled, and the four of them sprinted down the gallery, not looking back to see whether Filch was following  they swung around the doorpost and galloped down one corridor then another, Harry in the lead, without any idea where they were or where they were going  they ripped through a tapestry and found themselves in a hidden passageway, hurtled along it and came out near their Charms classroom, which they knew was miles from the trophy room. I think weve lost him, Harry panted, leaning against the cold wall and wiping his forehead. Neville was bent double, wheezing and spluttering. I  told  you, Hermione gasped, clutching at the stitch in her chest, I  told  you. Page I 177 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Weve got to get baek to Gryffindor Tower, said Ron, quiekly as possible. Malfoy trieked you, Hermione said to Harry. You realize that, dont you? He was never going to meet you  Fileh knew someone was going to be in the trophy room, Malfoy must have tipped him off. Harry thought she was probably right, but he wasnt going to tell her that. Lets go. It wasnt going to be that simple. They hadnt gone more than a dozen paees when a doorknob rattled and something eame shooting out of a elassroom in front of them. It was Peeves. He eaught sight of them and gave a squeal of delight. Shut up. Peeves  please  youll get us thrown out. Peeves eaekled. Wandering around at midnight, lekle Firsties? Tut, tut, tut. Naughty, naughty, youll get eaughty. Not if you dont give us away. Peeves, please. Should tell Fileh, I should, said Peeves in a sanity voiee, but his eyes glittered wiekedly. Its for your own good, you know. Get out of the way, snapped Ron, taking a swipe at Peeves  this was a big mistake. Page I 178 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling STUDENTS OUT OF BED! Peeves bellowed, STUDENTS OUT OF BED DOWN THE CHARMS CORRIDOR! Dueking under Peeves, they ran for their lives, right to the end of the eorridor where they slammed into a door  and it was looked. This is it! Ron moaned, as they pushed helplessly at the door, Were done for! This is the end! They eould hear footsteps, Fileh running as fast as he eould toward Peevess shouts. Oh, move over, Hermione snarled. She grabbed Harrys wand, tapped the look, and whispered, Alohomoral The look elieked and the door swung open  they piled through it, shut it quiekly, and pressed their ears against it, listening. Whieh way did they go. Peeves? Fileh was saying. Quiek, tell me. Say please.  Dont mess with me. Peeves, now where did they go? Shant say nothing if you dont say please, said Peeves in his annoying singsong voiee. All right  please. NOTHING! Ha haaa! Told you I wouldnt say nothing if you didnt say please! Ha ha! Haaaaaa! And they heard the sound of Peeves whooshing away and Fileh eursing in rage. Page I 179 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling He thinks this door is locked, Harry whispered. I think well be okay  get off, Neville! For Neville had been tugging on the sleeve of Harrys bathrobe for the last minute. What? Harry turned around  and saw, quite clearly, what. For a moment, he was sure hed walked into a nightmare  this was too much, on top of everything that had happened so far. They werent in a room, as he had supposed. They were in a corridor. The forbidden corridor on the third floor. And now they knew why it was forbidden. They were looking straight into the eyes of a monstrous dog, a dog that filled the whole space between ceiling and floor. It had three heads. Three pairs of rolling, mad eyes; three noses, twitching and quivering in their direction; three drooling mouths, saliva hanging in slippery ropes from yellowish fangs. It was standing quite still, all six eyes staring at them, and Harry knew that the only reason they werent already dead was that their sudden appearance had taken it by surprise, but it was quickly getting over that, there was no mistaking what those thunderous growls meant. Harry groped for the doorknob  between Filch and death, hed take Filch. They fell backward  Harry slammed the door shut, and they ran, they almost flew, back down the corridor. Filch must have hurried off to look for them somewhere else, because they didnt see him an 3 rwhere, but they hardly cared  all they wanted to do was put as much space as possible between them and that monster. They didnt stop running until they Page I 180 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling reached the portrait of the Fat Lady on the seventh floor. Where on earth have you all been? she asked, looking at their bathrobes hanging off their shoulders and their flushed, sweaty faces. Never mind that  pig snout, pig snout, panted Harry, and the portrait swung forward. They scrambled into the common room and collapsed, trembling, into armchairs. It was a while before any of them said anything. Neville, indeed, looked as if hed never speak again. What do they think theyre doing, keeping a thing like that locked up in a school? said Ron finally. If any dog needs exercise, that one does. Hermione had got both her breath and her bad temper back again. You dont use your eyes, any of you, do you? she snapped. Didnt you see what it was standing on? The floor? Harry suggested. I wasnt looking at its feet, I was too busy with its heads. No, not the floor. It was standing on a trapdoor. Its obviously guarding something. She stood up, glaring at them. I hope youre pleased with yourselves. We could all have been killed  or worse, expelled. Now, if you dont mind. Im going to bed. Ron stared after her, his mouth open. Page I 181 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling No, we dont mind, he said. Youd think we dragged her along, wouldnt you? But Hermione had given Harry something else to think about as he elimbed baek into bed. The dog was guarding something. ... What had Hagrid said? Gringotts was the safest plaee in the world for something you wanted to hide  exeept perhaps Hogwarts. It looked as though Harry had found out where the grubby little paekage from vault seven hundred and thirteen was. Page I 182 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling HALLOWEEN Malfoy couldnt believe his eyes when he saw that Harry and Ron were still at Hogwarts the next day, looking tired but perfeetly eheerful. Indeed, by the next morning Harry and Ron thought that meeting the three-headed dog had been an exeellent adventure, and they were quite keen to have another one. In the meantime, Harry filled Ron in about the paekage that seemed to have been moved from Gringotts to Hogwarts, and they spent a lot of time wondering what eould possibly need sueh heavy proteetion. Its either really valuable or really dangerous, said Ron. Or both, said Harry. But as all they knew for sure about the mysterious objeet was that it was about two inehes long, they didnt have mueh ehanee of guessing what it was without further elues. Page I 183 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Neither Neville nor Hermione showed the slightest interest in what lay underneath the dog and the trapdoor. All Neville eared about was never going near the dog again. Hermione was now refusing to speak to Harry and Ron, but she was sueh a bossy know-it-all that they saw this as an added bonus. All they really wanted now was a way of getting baek at Malfoy, and to their great delight, just sueh a thing arrived in the mail about a week later. As the owls flooded into the Great Hall as usual, everyones attention was eaught at onee by a long, thin paekage earried by six large sereeeh owls. Harry was just as interested as everyone else to see what was in this large pareel, and was amazed when the owls soared down and dropped it right in front of him, knoeking his baeon to the floor. They had hardly fluttered out of the way when another owl dropped a letter on top of the pareel. Harry ripped open the letter first, whieh was lueky, beeause it said DO NOT OPEN THE PARCEL AT THE TABLE. It eontains your new Nimbus Two Thousand, but I dont want everybody knowing youve got a broomstiek or theyll all want one. Oliver Wood will meet you tonight on the Quidditeh field at seven oeloek for your first training session. Professor M. MeGonagall Harry had diffreulty hiding his glee as he handed the note to Ron to read. Page I 184 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling A Nimbus Two Thousand! Ron moaned enviously. Ive never even touched one. They left the hall quiekly, wanting to unwrap the broomstiek in private before their first elass, but halfway aeross the entranee hall they found the way upstairs barred by Crabbe and Goyle. Malfoy seized the paekage from Harry and felt it. Thats a broomstiek, he said, throwing it baek to Harry with a mixture of jealousy and spite on his faee. Youll be in for it this time. Potter, first years arent allowed them. Ron eouldnt resist it. Its not any old broomstiek, he said, its a Nimbus Two Thousand. What did you say youve got at home, Malfoy, a Comet Two Sixty? Ron grinned at Harry. Comets look flashy, but theyre not in the same league as the Nimbus. What would you know about it, Weasley, you eouldnt afford half the handle, Malfoy snapped baek. I suppose you and your brothers have to save up twig by twig. Before Ron eould answer. Professor Flitwiek appeared at Malfoys elbow. Not arguing, I hope, boys? he squeaked. Potters been sent a broomstiek. Professor, said Malfoy quiekly. Yes, yes, thats right, said Professor Flitwiek, beaming at Harry. Professor MeConagall told me all about the speeial eireumstanees. Potter. And what model is it? Page I 185 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling A Nimbus Two Thousand, sir, said Harry, fighting not to laugh at the look of horror on Malfoys face. And its really thanks to Malfoy here that Ive got it, he added. Harry and Ron headed upstairs, smothering their laughter at Malfoys obvious rage and confusion. Well, its true, Harry chortled as they reached the top of the marble staircase, If he hadnt stolen Nevilles Remembrall I wouldnt be on the team. ... So I suppose you think thats a reward for breaking rules? came an angry voice from just behind them. Hermione was stomping up the stairs, looking disapprovingly at the package in Harrys hand. I thought you werent speaking to us? said Harry. Yes, dont stop now, said Ron, its doing us so much good. Hermione marched away with her nose in the air. Harry had a lot of trouble keeping his mind on his lessons that day. It kept wandering up to the dormitory where his new broomstick was lying under his bed, or straying off to the Quidditch field where hed be learning to play that night. He bolted his dinner that evening without noticing what he was eating, and then rrrshed upstairs with Ron to unwrap the Nimbus Two Thousand at last. Wow, Ron sighed, as the broomstick rolled onto Harrys bedspread. Even Harry, who knew nothing about the different brooms, thought it looked wonderful. Sleek and shiny, with a mahogany handle, it had a long tail of Page I 186 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling neat, straight twigs and Nimbus Two Thousand written in gold near the top. As seven oeloek drew nearer, Harry left the eastle and set off in the dusk toward the Quidditeh field. Hed never been inside the stadium before. Hundreds of seats were raised in stands around the field so that the speetators were high enough to see what was going on. At either end of the field were three golden poles with hoops on the end. They reminded Harry of the little plastie stieks Muggle ehildren blew bubbles through, exeept that they were fifty feet high. Too eager to fly again to wait for Wood, Harry mounted his broomstiek and kieked off from the ground. What a feeling  he swooped in and out of the goal posts and then sped up and down the field. The Nimbus Two Thousand turned wherever he wanted at his lightest toueh. Hey, Potter, eome down! Oliver Wood had arrived. He was earrying a large wooden erate under his arm. Harry landed next to him. Very niee, said Wood, his eyes glinting. I see what MeGonagall meant ... you really are a natural. Im just going to teaeh you the rules this evening, then youll be joining team praetiee three times a week. He opened the erate. Inside were four different-sized balls. Right, said Wood. Now, Quidditeh is easy enough to understand, even if its not too easy to play. There are seven players on eaeh side. Three of them are ealled Chasers. Page I 187 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Three Chasers, Harry repeated, as Wood took out a bright red ball about the size of a soeeer ball. This balls ealled the Quaffle, said Wood. The Chasers throw the Quaffle to eaeh other and try and get it through one of the hoops to seore a goal. Ten points every time the Quaffle goes through one of the hoops. Follow me? The Chasers throw the Quaffle and put it through the hoops to seore, Harry reeited. So  thats sort of like basketball on broomstieks with six hoops, isnt it? Whats basketball? said Wood euriously. Never mind, said Harry quiekly. Now, theres another player on eaeh side whos ealled the Keeper  Im Keeper for Gryffindor. I have to fly around our hoops and stop the other team from seoring. Three Chasers, one Keeper, said Harry, who was determined to remember it all. And they play with the Quaffle. Okay, got that. So what are they for? He pointed at the three balls left inside the box. Ill show you now, said Wood. Take this. He handed Harry a small elub, a bit like a short baseball bat. Im going to show you what the Sludgers do, Wood said. These two are the Sludgers. He showed Harry two identieal balls, jet blaek and slightly smaller than the red Quaffle. Harry notieed Page I 188 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling that they seemed to be straining to eseape the straps holding them inside the box. Stand baek, Wood warned Harry. He bent down and freed one of the Sludgers. At onee, the blaek ball rose high in the air and then pelted straight at Harrys faee. Harry swung at it with the bat to stop it from breaking his nose, and sent it zigzagging away into the air  it zoomed around their heads and then shot at Wood, who dived on top of it and managed to pin it to the ground. See? Wood panted, foreing the struggling Sludger baek into the erate and strapping it down safely. The Sludgers roeket around, trying to knoek players off their brooms. Thats why you have two Seaters on eaeh team  the Weasley twins are ours  its their job to proteet their side from the Sludgers and try and knoek them toward the other team. So  think youve got all that? Three Chasers try and seore with the Quaffle; the Keeper guards the goal posts; the Seaters keep the Sludgers away from their team, Harry reeled off. Very good, said Wood. Er  have the Sludgers ever killed anyone? Harry asked, hoping he sounded offhand. Never at Hogwarts. Weve had a eouple of broken jaws but nothing worse than that. Now, the last member of the team is the Seeker. Thats you. And you dont have to worry about the Quaffle or the Sludgers   unless they eraek my head open. Page I 189 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Dont worry, the Weasleys are more than a mateh for the Sludgers  I mean, theyre like a pair of human Sludgers themselves. Wood reaehed into the erate and took out the fourth and last ball. Compared with the Quaffle and the Sludgers, it was tiny, about the size of a large walnut. It was bright gold and had little fluttering silver wings. This, said Wood, is the Golden Sniteh, and its the most important ball of the lot. Its very hard to eateh beeause its so fast and diffieult to see. Its the Seekers job to eateh it. Youve got to weave in and out of the Chasers, Seaters, Sludgers, and Quaffle to get it before the other teams Seeker, beeause whiehever Seeker eatehes the Sniteh wins his team an extra hundred and fifty points, so they nearly always win. Thats why Seekers get fouled so mueh. A game of Quidditeh only ends when the Sniteh is eaught, so it ean go on for ages  I think the reeord is three months, they had to keep bringing on substitutes so the players eould get some sleep. Well, thats it  any questions? Harry shook his head. He understood what he had to do all right, it was doing it that was going to be the problem. We wont praetiee with the Sniteh yet, said Wood, earefully shutting it baek inside the erate, its too dark, we might lose it. Lets try you out with a few of these. He pulled a bag of ordinary golf balls out of his poeket and a few minutes later, he and Harry were up in the air. Wood throwing the golf balls as hard as he eould in every direetion for Harry to eateh. Page I 190 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry didnt miss a single one, and Wood was delighted. After half an hour, night had really fallen and they eouldnt earry on. That Quidditeh Cup 11 have our name on it this year, said Wood happily as they trudged baek up to the eastle. I wouldnt be surprised if you turn out better than Charlie Weasley, and he eould have played for England if he hadnt gone off ehasing dragons. Perhaps it was beeause he was now so busy, what with Quidditeh praetiee three evenings a week on top of all his homework, but Harry eould hardly believe it when he realized that hed already been at Hogwarts two months. The eastle felt more like home than Privet Drive ever had. His lessons, too, were beeoming more and more interesting now that they had mastered the basies. On Halloween morning they woke to the delieious smell of baking pumpkin wafting through the eorridors. Even better. Professor Flitwiek announeed in Charms that he thought they were ready to start making objeets fly, something they had all been dying to try sinee theyd seen him make Nevilles toad zoom around the elassroom. Professor Flitwiek put the elass into pairs to praetiee. Harrys partner was Seamus Finnigan whieh was a relief, beeause Neville had been trying to eateh his eye. Ron, however, was to be working with Hermione Granger. It was hard to tell whether Ron or Hermione was angrier about this. She hadnt spoken to either of them sinee the day Harrys broomstiek had arrived. Now, dont forget that niee wrist movement weve been praetieing! squeaked Professor Flitwiek, perehed on top of his pile of books as usual. Swish and fliek, remember, swish and fliek. And saying the magie words properly is very important, too  never Page I 191 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling forget Wizard Baruffio, who said s instead of f and found himself on the floor with a buffalo on his ehest. It was very diffieult. Harry and Seamus swished and flieked, but the feather they were supposed to be sending sk 3 Avard just lay on the desktop. Seamus got so impatient that he prodded it with his wand and set fire to it  Harry had to put it out with his hat. Ron, at the next table, wasnt having mueh more luek. Wingardium Leviosal he shouted, waving his long arms like a windmill. Youre saying it wrong, Harry heard Hermione snap. Its Wing-gar-dium Levi-o-sa, make the gar niee and long. You do it, then, if youre so elever, Ron snarled. Hermione rolled up the sleeves of her gown, flieked her wand, and said, Wingardium Leviosal Their feather rose off the desk and hovered about four feet above their heads. Oh, well done! eried Professor Flitwiek, elapping. Everyone see here. Miss Grangers done it! Ron was in a very bad mood by the end of the elass. Its no wonder no one ean stand her, he said to Harry as they pushed their way into the erowded eorridor, shes a nightmare, honestly. Page I 192 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Someone knoeked into Harry as they hurried past him. It was Hermione. Harry eaught a glimpse other faee  and was startled to see that she was in tears. I think she heard you. So? said Ron, but he looked a bit uneomfortable. She mustve notieed shes got no friends. Hermione didnt turn up for the next elass and wasnt seen all afternoon. On their way down to the Great Hall for the Halloween feast, Harry and Ron overheard Parvati Patil telling her friend Lavender that Hermione was erying in the girls bathroom and wanted to be left alone. Ron looked still more awkward at this, but a moment later they had entered the Great Hall, where the Halloween deeorations put Hermione out of their minds. A thousand live bats fluttered from the walls and eeiling while a thousand more swooped over the tables in low blaek elouds, making the eandles in the pumpkins stutter. The feast appeared suddenly on the golden plates, as it had at the start-of-term banquet. Harry was just helping himself to a baked potato when Professor Quirrell eame sprinting into the hall, his turban askew and terror on his faee. Everyone stared as he reaehed Professor Dumbledores ehair, slumped against the table, and gasped, Troll  in the dungeons  thought you ought to know. He then sank to the floor in a dead faint. There was an uproar. It took several purple fireeraekers exploding from the end of Professor Dumbledores wand to bring silenee. Page I 193 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Prefects, he rumbled, lead your Houses back to the dormitories immediately! Percy was in his element. Follow me! Stick together, first years! No need to fear the troll if you follow my orders! Stay close behind me, now. Make way, first years coming through! Excuse me. Im a prefect! How could a troll get in? Harry asked as they climbed the stairs. Dont ask me, theyre supposed to be really stupid, said Ron. Maybe Peeves let it in for a Halloween joke. They passed different groups of people hurrying in different directions. As they jostled their way through a crowd of confused Huffiepuffs, Harry suddenly grabbed Rons arm. Ive just thought  Hermione. What about her? She doesnt know about the troll. Ron bit his lip. Oh, all right, he snapped. But Percyd better not see us. Ducking down, they joined the Huffiepuffs going the other way, slipped down a deserted side corridor, and hurried off toward the girls bathroom. They had just turned the corner when they heard quick footsteps behind them. Page I 194 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Percy! hissed Ron, pulling Harry behind a large stone griffin. Peering around it, however, they saw not Percy but Snape. He crossed the corridor and disappeared from view. Whats he doing? Harry whispered. Why isnt he down in the dungeons with the rest of the teachers? Search me. Quietly as possible, they crept along the next corridor after Snapes fading footsteps. Hes heading for the third floor, Harry said, but Ron held up his hand. Can you smell something? Harry sniffed and a foul stench reached his nostrils, a mixture of old socks and the kind of public toilet no one seems to clean. And then they heard it  a low grunting, and the shuffling footfalls of gigantic feet. Ron pointed  at the end of a passage to the left, something huge was moving toward them. They shrank into the shadows and watched as it emerged into a patch of moonlight. It was a horrible sight. Twelve feet tall, its skin was a dull, granite gray, its great lumpy body like a boulder with its small bald head perched on top like a coconut. It had short legs thick as tree trrrnks with flat, horny feet. The smell coming from it was incredible. It was holding a huge wooden club, which dragged along the floor because its arms were so long. Page I 195 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling The troll stopped next to a doorway and peered inside. It waggled its long ears, making up its tiny mind, then slouehed slowly into the room. The keys in the loek, Harry muttered. We eould loek it in. Good idea, said Ron nervously. They edged toward the open door, mouths dry, praying the troll wasnt about to eome out of it. With one great leap, Harry managed to grab the key, slam the door, and loek it. Yes! Flushed with their vietory, they started to run baek up the passage, but as they reaehed the eorner they heard something that made their hearts stop  a high, petrified seream  and it was eoming from the ehamber theyd just ehained up. Oh, no, said Ron, pale as the Bloody Baron. Its the girls bathroom! Harry gasped. Hermionel they said together. It was the last thing they wanted to do, but what ehoiee did they have? Wheeling around, they sprinted baek to the door and turned the key, fumbling in their panie. Harry pulled the door open and they ran inside. Hermione Granger was shrinking against the wall opposite, looking as if she was about to faint. The troll was advaneing on her, knoeking the sinks off the walls as it went. Page I 196 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Confuse it! Harry said desperately to Ron, and, seizing a tap, he threw it as hard as he eould against the wall. The troll stopped a few feet from Hermione. It lumbered around, blinking stupidly, to see what had made the noise. Its mean little eyes saw Harry. It hesitated, then made for him instead, lifting its elub as it went. Oy, pea-brain! yelled Ron from the other side of the ehamber, and he threw a metal pipe at it. The troll didnt even seem to notiee the pipe hitting its shoulder, but it heard the yell and paused again, turning its ugly snout toward Ron instead, giving Harry time to run around it. Come on, mn, run! Harry yelled at Hermione, trying to pull her toward the door, but she eouldnt move, she was still flat against the wall, her mouth open with terror. The shouting and the eehoes seemed to be driving the troll berserk. It roared again and started toward Ron, who was nearest and had no way to eseape. Harry then did something that was both very brave and very stupid He took a great rrrnning jump and managed to fasten his arms around the trolls neek from behind. The troll eouldnt feel Harry hanging there, but even a troll will notiee if you stiek a long bit of wood up its nose, and Harrys wand had still been in his hand when hed jumped  it had gone straight up one of the trolls nostrils. Howling with pain, the troll twisted and flailed its elub, with Harry elinging on for dear life; any seeond, the troll was going to rip him off or eateh him a terrible blow with the elub. Page I 197 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Hermione had sunk to the floor in fright; Ron pulled out his own wand  not knowing what he was going to do he heard himself ery the first spell that eame into his head Wingardium Leviosal The elub flew suddenly out of the trolls hand, rose high, high up into the air, turned slowly over  and dropped, with a siekening eraek, onto its owners head. The troll swayed on the spot and then fell flat on its faee, with a thud that made the whole room tremble. Harry got to his feet. He was shaking and out of breath. Ron was standing there with his wand still raised, staring at what he had done. It was Hermione who spoke first. Is it  dead? I dont think so, said Harry, I think its just been knoeked out. He bent down and pulled his wand out of the trolls nose. It was eovered in what looked like lumpy gray glue. Urgh  troll boogers. He wiped it on the trolls trousers. A sudden slamming and loud footsteps made the three of them look up. They hadnt realized what a raeket they had been making, but of eourse, someone downstairs must have heard the erashes and the trolls roars. A moment later. Professor MeGonagall had eome bursting into the room, elosely followed by Snape, with Quirrell bringing up the rear. Quirrell Page I 198 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling took one look at the troll, let out a faint whimper, and sat quiekly down on a toilet, elutehing his heart. Snape bent over the troll. Professor MeGonagall was looking at Ron and Harry. Harry had never seen her look so angry. Her lips were white. Hopes of winning fifty points for Gryffrndor faded quiekly from Harrys mind. What on earth were you thinking of? said Professor MeGonagall, with eold fury in her voiee. Harry looked at Ron, who was still standing with his wand in the air. Youre lueky you werent killed. Why arent you in your dormitory? Snape gave Harry a swift, piereing look. Harry looked at the floor. He wished Ron would put his wand down. Then a small voiee eame out of the shadows. Please, Professor MeGonagall  they were looking for me. Miss Granger! Hermione had managed to get to her feet at last. I went looking for the troll beeause I  I thought I eould deal with it on my own  you know, beeause Ive read all about them. Ron dropped his wand. Hermione Granger, telling a downright lie to a teaeher? If they hadnt found me. Id be dead now. Harry stuek his wand up its nose and Ron knoeked it out with its own elub. They didnt have time to eome and feteh anyone. It was about to finish me off when they arrived. Page I 199 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry and Ron tried to look as though this story wasnt new to them. Well  in that ease ... said Professor MeGonagall, staring at the three of them, Miss Granger, you foolish girl, how eould you think of taekling a mountain troll on your own? Hermione hung her head. Harry was speeehless. Hermione was the last person to do anything against the rules, and here she was, pretending she had, to get them out of trouble. It was as if Snape had started handing out sweets. Miss Granger, five points will be taken from Gryffindor for this, said Professor MeGonagall. Im very disappointed in you. If youre not hurt at all, youd better get off to Gryffindor Tower. Students are finishing the feast in their Houses. Hermione left. Professor MeGonagall turned to Harry and Ron. Well, I still say you were lueky, but not many first years eould have taken on a full-grown mountain troll. You eaeh win Gryffindor five points. Professor Dumbledore will be informed of this. You may go. They hurried out of the ehamber and didnt speak at all until they had elimbed two floors up. It was a relief to be away from the smell of the troll, quite apart from anything else. We should have gotten more than ten points, Ron grumbled. Five, you mean, onee shes taken off Hermiones. Page I 200 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Good of her to get us out of trouble like that, Ron admitted. Mind you, we did save her. She might not have needed saving if we hadnt loeked the thing in with her, Harry reminded him. They had reaehed the portrait of the Fat Lady. Pig snout, they said and entered. The eommon room was paeked and noisy. Everyone was eating the food that had been sent up. Hermione, however, stood alone by the door, waiting for them. There was a very embarrassed pause. Then, none of them looking at eaeh other, they all said Thanks, and hurried off to get plates. But from that moment on, Hermione Granger beeame their friend. There are some things you eant share without ending up liking eaeh other, and knoeking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them. Page I 201 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling a QUIDDITCH As they entered November, the weather turned very eold. The mountains around the sehool beeame iey gray and the lake like ehilled steel. Every morning the ground was eovered in frost. Hagrid eould be seen from the upstairs windows defrosting broomstieks on the Quidditeh field, bundled up in a long moleskin overeoat, rabbit fur gloves, and enormous beaverskin boots. The Quidditeh season had begun. On Saturday, Harry would be playing in his first mateh after weeks of training Gryffindor versus Slytherin. If Gryffindor won, they would move up into seeond plaee in the House Championship. Hardly anyone had seen Harry play beeause Wood had deeided that, as their seeret weapon, Harry should be kept, well, seeret. But the news that he was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didnt know whieh was worse  people telling him hed be brilliant or people telling him theyd be mnning around underneath him holding a mattress. Page I 202 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling It was really lucky that Harry now had Hermione as a friend. He didnt know how hed have gotten through all his homework without her, what with all the last- minute Quidditch practice Wood was making them do. She had also lent him Quidditch Through the Ages, which turned out to be a very interesting read. Harry learned that there were seven hundred ways of committing a Quidditch foul and that all of them had happened during a World Cup match in 1473; that Seekers were usually the smallest and fastest players, and that most serious Quidditch accidents seemed to happen to them; that although people rarely died playing Quidditch, referees had been known to vanish and turn up months later in the Sahara Desert. Hermione had become a bit more relaxed about breaking rules since Harry and Ron had saved her from the mountain troll, and she was much nicer for it. The day before Harrys first Quidditch match the three of them were out in the freezing courtyard during break, and she had conjured them up a bright blue fire that could be carried around in a jam jar. They were standing with their backs to it, getting warm, when Snape crossed the yard. Harry noticed at once that Snape was limping. Harry, Ron, and Hermione moved closer together to block the fire from view; they were sure it wouldnt be allowed. Unfortunately, something about their guilty faces caught Snapes eye. He limped over. He hadnt seen the fire, but he seemed to be looking for a reason to tell them off an 3 Avay. Whats that youve got there. Potter? It was Quidditch Through the Ages. Harry showed him. Page I 203 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Library books are not to be taken outside the sehool, said Snape. Give it to me. Five points from Gryffmdor. Hes just made that rule up, Harry muttered angrily as Snape limped away. Wonder whats wrong with his leg? Dunno, but I hope its really hurting him, said Ron bitterly. The Gryffindor eommon room was very noisy that evening. Harry, Ron, and Hermione sat together next to a window. Hermione was eheeking Harry and Rons Charms homework for them. She would never let them eopy How will you learn?, but by asking her to read it through, they got the right answers an 5 rway. Harry felt restless. He wanted Quidditch Through the Ages baek, to take his mind off his nerves about tomorrow. Why should he be afraid of Snape? Getting up, he told Ron and Hermione he was going to ask Snape if he eould have it. Better you than me, they said together, but Harry had an idea that Snape wouldnt refuse if there were other teaehers listening. He made his way down to the staffroom and knoeked. There was no answer. He knoeked again. Nothing. Perhaps Snape had left the book in there? It was worth a try. He pushed the door ajar and peered inside  and a horrible seene met his eyes. Snape and Fileh were inside, alone. Snape was holding his robes above his knees. One of his legs was bloody and mangled. Fileh was handing Snape bandages. Page I 204 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Blasted thing, Snape was saying. How are you supposed to keep your eyes on all three heads at onee? Harry tried to shut the door quietly, but  POTTER! Snapes faee was twisted with fury as he dropped his robes quiekly to hide his leg. Harry gulped. I just wondered if I eould have my book baek. GET OUT! OUT! Harry left, before Snape eould take any more points from Gryffindor. He sprinted baek upstairs. Did you get it? Ron asked as Harry joined them. Whats the matter? In a low whisper, Harry told them what hed seen. You know what this means? he finished breathlessly. He tried to get past that three-headed dog at Halloween! Thats where he was going when we saw him  hes after whatever its guarding! And Id bet my broomstiek he let that troll in, to make a diversion! Hermiones eyes were wide. No  he wouldnt, she said. I know hes not very niee, but he wouldnt try and steal something Dumbledore was keeping safe. Honestly, Hermione, you think all teaehers are saints or something, snapped Ron. Im with Harry. I Page I 205 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling wouldnt put anything past Snape. But whats he after? Whats that dog guarding? Harry went to bed with his head buzzing with the same question. Neville was snoring loudly, but Harry eouldnt sleep. He tried to empty his mind  he needed to sleep, he had to, he had his first Quidditeh mateh in a few hours  but the expression on Snapes faee when Harry had seen his leg wasnt easy to forget. The next morning dawned very bright and eold. The Great Hall was full of the delieious smell of fried sausages and the eheerful ehatter of everyone looking forward to a good Quidditeh mateh. Youve got to eat some breakfast. I dont want anything. Just a bit of toast, wheedled Hermione. Im not hungry. Harry felt terrible. In an hours time hed be walking onto the field. Harry, you need your strength, said Seamus Finnigan. Seekers are always the ones who get elobbered by the other team. Thanks, Seamus, said Harry, watehing Seamus pile ketehup on his sausages. By eleven oeloek the whole sehool seemed to be out in the stands around the Quidditeh piteh. Many students had binoeulars. The seats might be raised high in the air, but it was still diffieult to see what was going on sometimes. Page I 206 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Ron and Hermione joined Neville, Seamus, and Dean the West Ham fan up in the top row. As a surprise for Harry, they had painted a large banner on one of the sheets Seabbers had ruined. It said Potter for President, and Dean, who was good at drawing, had done a large Gryffindor lion underneath. Then Hermione had performed a trieky little eharm so that the paint flashed different eolors. Meanwhile, in the loeker room, Harry and the rest of the team were ehanging into their searlet Quidditeh robes Slytherin would be playing in green. Wood eleared his throat for silenee. Okay, men, he said. And women, said Chaser Angelina Johnson. And women, Wood agreed. This is it. The big one, said Fred Weasley. The one weve all been waiting for, said George. We know Olivers speeeh by heart, Fred told Harry, we were on the team last year. Shut up, you two, said Wood. This is the best team Gryffindors had in years. Were going to win. I know it. He glared at them all as if to say, Or else. Right. Its time. Good luek, all of you. Harry followed Fred and George out of the loeker room and, hoping his knees werent going to give way, walked onto the field to loud eheers. Page I 207 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Madam Hooch was refereeing. She stood in the middle of the field waiting for the two teams, her broom in her hand. Now, I want a niee fair game, all of you, she said, onee they were all gathered around her. Harry notieed that she seemed to be speaking partieularly to the Slytherin Captain, Mareus Flint, a fifth year. Harry thought Flint looked as if he had some troll blood in him. Out of the eorner of his eye he saw the fluttering banner high above, flashing Potter for President over the erowd. His heart skipped. He felt braver. Mount your brooms, please. Harry elambered onto his Nimbus Two Thousand. Madam Hooeh gave a loud blast on her silver whistle. Fifteen brooms rose up, high, high into the air. They were off. And the Quaffie is taken immediately by Angelina Johnson of Gryffindor  what an exeellent Chaser that girl is, and rather attraetive, too  JORDAN! Sorry, Professor. The Weasley twins friend, Lee Jordan, was doing the eommentary for the mateh, elosely watehed by Professor MeGonagall. And shes really belting along up there, a neat pass to Alieia Spinnet, a good find of Oliver Woods, last year only a reserve  baek to Johnson and  no, the Slytherins have taken the Quaffie, Slytherin Captain Mareus Flint gains the Quaffie and off he goes  Flint Page I 208 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling flying like an eagle up there  hes going to se- no, stopped by an exeellent move by Gryffindor Keeper Wood and the Gryffindors take the Quaffle  thats Chaser Katie Bell of Gryffindor there, niee dive around Flint, off up the field and  OUCH  that must have hurt, hit in the baek of the head by a Bludger  Quaffle taken by the Slytherins  thats Adrian Pueey speeding off toward the goal posts, but hes bloeked by a seeond Bludger  sent his way by Fred or George Weasley, eant tell whieh  niee play by the Giyffindor Beater, an 3 rway, and Johnson baek in possession of the Quaffle, a elear field ahead and off she goes  shes really flying  dodges a speeding Bludger  the goal posts are ahead  eome on, now, Angelina  Keeper Bletehley dives  misses  GRYFFINDORS SCORE! Giyffindor eheers filled the eold air, with howls and moans from the Slytherins. Budge up there, move along. Hagrid! Ron and Hermione squeezed together to give Hagrid enough spaee to join them. Bin watehin from me hut, said Hagrid, patting a large pair of binoeulars around his neek, But it isnt the same as bein in the erowd. No sign of the Sniteh yet, eh? Nope, said Ron. Harry hasnt had mueh to do yet. Kept outta trouble, though, thats somethin, said Hagrid, raising his binoeulars and peering sk 3 Avard at the speek that was Harry. Page I 209 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Way up above them, Harry was gliding over the game, squinting about for some sign of the Sniteh. This was part of his and Woods game plan. Keep out of the way until you eateh sight of the Sniteh, Wood had said. We dont want you attaeked before you have to be. When Angelina had seored, Harry had done a eouple of loop-the-loops to let off his feelings. Now he was baek to staring around for the Sniteh. Onee he eaught sight of a flash of gold, but it was just a refleetion from one of the Weasleys wristwatehes, and onee a Sludger deeided to eome pelting his way, more like a eannonball than anything, but Harry dodged it and Fred Weasley eame ehasing after it. All right there, Harry? he had time to yell, as he beat the Sludger furiously toward Mareus Flint. Slytherin in possession, Lee Jordan was saying, Chaser Pueey dueks two Sludgers, two Weasleys, and Chaser Sell, and speeds toward the  wait a moment  was that the Sniteh? A murmur ran through the erowd as Adrian Pueey dropped the Quaffle, too busy looking over his shoulder at the flash of gold that had passed his left ear. Harry saw it. In a great msh of exeitement he dived downward after the streak of gold. Slytherin Seeker Terenee Higgs had seen it, too. Neek and neek they hurtled toward the Sniteh  all the Chasers seemed to have forgotten what they were supposed to be doing as they hung in midair to wateh. Page I 210 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry was faster than Higgs  he eould see the little round ball, wings fluttering, darting up ahead  he put on an extra spurt of speed  WHAM! A roar of rage eehoed from the Gryffindors below  Mareus Flint had bloeked Harry on purpose, and Harrys broom spun off eourse, Harry holding on for dear life. Foul! sereamed the Gryffindors. Madam Hooeh spoke angrily to Flint and then ordered a free shot at the goal posts for Gryffindor. But in all the eonfusion, of eourse, the Golden Sniteh had disappeared from sight again. Down in the stands. Dean Thomas was yelling, Send him off, ref! Red eard! What are you talking about. Dean? said Ron. Red eard! said Dean furiously. In soeeer you get shown the red eard and youre out of the game! But this isnt soeeer. Dean, Ron reminded him. Hagrid, however, was on Deans side. They oughta ehange the rules. Flint eoulda knoeked Harry outta the air. Lee Jordan was finding it diffieult not to take sides. So  after that obvious and disgusting bit of eheating  Jordan! growled Professor MeGonagall. I mean, after that open and revolting foul  Page I 211 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Jordan, Im warning you  All right, all right. Flint nearly kills the Gryffindor Seeker, whieh eould happen to anyone. Im sure, so a penalty to Gryffindor, taken by Spinnet, who puts it away, no trouble, and we eontinue play, Gryffindor still in possession. It was as Harry dodged another Sludger, whieh went spinning dangerously past his head, that it happened. His broom gave a sudden, frightening lureh. For a split seeond, he thought he was going to fall. He gripped the broom tightly with both his hands and knees. Hed never felt anything like that. It happened again. It was as though the broom was trying to buek him off. But Nimbus Two Thousands did not suddenly deeide to buek their riders off. Harry tried to turn baek toward the Gryffindor goal posts  he had half a mind to ask Wood to eall time-out  and then he realized that his broom was eompletely out of his eontrol. He eouldnt turn it. He eouldnt direet it at all. It was zigzagging through the air, and every now and then making violent swishing movements that almost unseated him. Lee was still eommentating. Slytherin in possession  Flint with the Quaffie  passes Spinnet  passes Bell  hit hard in the faee by a Bludger, hope it broke his nose  only joking. Professor  Slytherins seore  oh no ... The Slytherins were eheering. No one seemed to have notieed that Harrys broom was behaving strangely It was earrying him slowly higher, away from the game, jerking and twitehing as it went. Page I 212 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Dunno what Harry thinks hes doing, Hagrid mumbled. He stared through his binoeulars. If I didn know better, Id say hed lost eontrol of his broom ... but he eant have. ... Suddenly, people were pointing up at Harry all over the stands. His broom had started to roll over and over, with him only just managing to hold on. Then the whole erowd gasped. Harrys broom had given a wild jerk and Harry swung off it. He was now dangling from it, holding on with only one hand. Did something happen to it when Flint bloeked him? Seamus whispered. Cant have, Hagrid said, his voiee shaking. Cant nothing interfere with a broomstiek exeept powerful Dark magie  no kid eould do that to a Nimbus Two Thousand. At these words, Hermione seized Hagrids binoeulars, but instead of looking up at Harry, she started looking frantieally at the erowd. What are you doing? moaned Ron, gray-faeed. I knew it, Hermione gasped, Snape  look. Ron grabbed the binoeulars. Snape was in the middle of the stands opposite them. He had his eyes fixed on Harry and was muttering nonstop under his breath. Hes doing something jinxing the broom, said Hermione. What should we do? Leave it to me. Page I 213 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Before Ron eould say another word, Hermione had disappeared. Ron turned the binoeulars baek on Harry. His broom was vibrating so hard, it was almost impossible for him to hang on mueh longer. The whole erowd was on its feet, watehing, terrified, as the Weasleys flew up to try and pull Harry safely onto one of their brooms, but it was no good  every time they got near him, the broom would jump higher still. They dropped lower and eireled beneath him, obviously hoping to eateh him if he fell. Mareus Flint seized the Quaffie and seored five times without anyone notieing. Come on, Hermione, Ron muttered desperately. Hermione had fought her way aeross to the stand where Snape stood, and was now raeing along the row behind him; she didnt even stop to say sorry as she knoeked Professor Quirrell headfirst into the row in front. Reaehing Snape, she erouehed down, pulled out her wand, and whispered a few, well-ehosen words. Bright blue flames shot from her wand onto the hem of Snapes robes. It took perhaps thirty seeonds for Snape to realize that he was on fire. A sudden yelp told her she had done her job. Seooping the fire off him into a little jar in her poeket, she serambled baek along the row  Snape would never know what had happened. It was enough. Up in the air, Harry was suddenly able to elamber baek on to his broom. Neville, you ean look! Ron said. Neville had been sobbing into Hagrids jaeket for the last five minutes. Harry was speeding toward the ground when the erowd saw him elap his hand to his mouth as though Page I 214 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling he was about to be siek  he hit the field on all fours  eoughed  and something gold fell into his hand. Ive got the Sniteh! he shouted, waving it above his head, and the game ended in eomplete eonfusion. He didnt catch it, he nearly swallowed it, Flint was still howling twenty minutes later, but it made no differenee  Harry hadnt broken any rules and Lee Jordan was still happily shouting the results  Gryffindor had won by one hundred and seventy points to sixty. Harry heard none of this, though. He was being made a eup of strong tea baek in Hagrids hut, with Ron and Hermione. It was Snape, Ron was explaining, Hermione and I saw him. He was eursing your broomstiek, muttering, he wouldnt take his eyes off you. Rubbish, said Hagrid, who hadnt heard a word of what had gone on next to him in the stands. Why would Snape do somethin like that? Harry, Ron, and Hermione looked at one another, wondering what to tell him. Harry deeided on the truth. I found out something about him, he told Hagrid. He tried to get past that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying to steal whatever its guarding. Hagrid dropped the teapot. How do you know about Fluffy? he said. Fluffy? Page I 215 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Yeah  hes mine  bought him off a Greek ehappie I met in the pub las year  I lent him to Dumbledore to guard the  Yes? said Harry eagerly. Now, dont ask me anymore, said Hagrid gruffly. Thats top seeret, that is. But Snapes trying to steal it. Rubbish, said Hagrid again. Snapes a Hogwarts teaeher, hed do nothin of the sort. So why did he just try and kill Harry? eried Hermione. The afternoons events eertainly seemed to have ehanged her mind about Snape. I know a jinx when I see one, Hagrid, Ive read all about them! Youve got to keep eye eontaet, and Snape wasnt blinking at all, I saw him! Im tellin yeh, yer wrong! said Hagrid hotly. I don know why Harrys broom aeted like that, but Snape wouldn try an kill a student! Now, listen to me, all three of yeh  yer meddlin in things that don eoneern yeh. Its dangerous. You forget that dog, an you forget what its guardin, thats between Professor Dumbledore an Nieolas Flamel  Aha! said Harry, so theres someone ealled Nieolas Flamel involved, is there? Hagrid looked furious with himself. Page I 216 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling THE MIRROR OF ERISED Christmas was coming. One morning in mid- December, Hogwarts woke to find itself eovered in several feet of snow. The lake froze solid and the Weasley twins were punished for bewitehing several snowballs so that they followed Quirrell around, bouneing off the baek of his turban. The few owls that managed to battle their way through the stormy sky to deliver mail had to be nursed baek to health by Hagrid before they eould fly off again. No one eould wait for the holidays to start. While the Gryffindor eommon room and the Great Hall had roaring fires, the drafty eorridors had beeome icy and a bitter wind rattled the windows in the elassrooms. Worst of all were Professor Snapes elasses down in the dungeons, where their breath rose in a mist before them and they kept as elose as possible to their hot eauldrons. I do feel so sorry, said Draeo Malfoy, one Potions elass, for all those people who have to stay at Page I 217 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Hogwarts for Christmas because theyre not wanted at home. He was looking over at Harry as he spoke. Crabbe and Goyle chuckled. Harry, who was measuring out powdered spine of lion-fish, ignored them. Malfoy had been even more unpleasant than usual since the Quidditch match. Disgusted that the Slytherins had lost, he had tried to get everyone laughing at how a wide-mouthed tree frog would be replacing Harry as Seeker next. Then hed realized that nobody found this funny, because they were all so impressed at the way Harry had managed to stay on his bucking broomstick. So Malfoy, jealous and angry, had gone back to taunting Harry about having no proper family. It was true that Harry wasnt going back to Privet Drive for Christmas. Professor McGonagall had come around the week before, making a list of students who would be staying for the holidays, and Harry had signed up at once. He didnt feel sorry for himself at all; this would probably be the best Christmas hed ever had. Ron and his brothers were staying, too, because Mr. and Mrs. Weasley were going to Romania to visit Charlie. When they left the dungeons at the end of Potions, they found a large fir tree blocking the corridor ahead. Two enormous feet sticking out at the bottom and a loud puffing sound told them that Hagrid was behind it. Hi, Hagrid, want any help? Ron asked, sticking his head through the branches. Nah, Im all right, thanks, Ron. Page I 218 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Would you mind moving out of the way? came Malfoys cold drawl from behind them. Are you trying to earn some extra money, Weasley? Hoping to be gamekeeper yourself when you leave Hogwarts, I suppose  that hut of Hagrids must seem like a palace compared to what your familys used to. Ron dived at Malfoy just as Snape came up the stairs. WEASLEY! Ron let go of the front of Malfoys robes. He was provoked, Professor Snape, said Hagrid, sticking his huge hairy face out from behind the tree. Malfoy was insultin his family. Be that as it may, fighting is against Hogwarts rules, Hagrid, said Snape silkily. Five points from Gryffindor, Weasley, and be grateful it isnt more. Move along, all of you. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle pushed roughly past the tree, scattering needles ever3Avhere and smirking. Ill get him, said Ron, grinding his teeth at Malfoys back, one of these days. Ill get him  I hate them both, said Harry, Malfoy and Snape. Come on, cheer up, its nearly Christmas, said Hagrid. Tell yeh what, come with me an see the Great Hall, looks a treat. So the three of them followed Hagrid and his tree off to the Great Hall, where Professor McGonagall and Professor Flitwick were busy with the Christmas decorations. Page I 219 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Ah, Hagrid, the last tree  put it in the far eorner, would you? The hall looked speetaeular. Festoons of holly and mistletoe hung all around the walls, and no less than twelve towering Christmas trees stood around the room, some sparkling with tiny ieieles, some glittering with hundreds of eandles. How many days you got left until yer holidays? Hagrid asked. Just one, said Hermione. And that reminds me  Harry, Ron, weve got half an hour before luneh, we should be in the library. Oh yeah, youre right, said Ron, tearing his eyes away from Professor Flitwiek, who had golden bubbles blossoming out of his wand and was trailing them over the branehes of the new tree. The library? said Hagrid, following them out of the hall. Just before the holidays? Bit keen, arent yeh? Oh, were not working, Harry told him brightly. Ever sinee you mentioned Nieolas Flamel weve been trying to find out who he is. You what? Hagrid looked shoeked. Listen here  Ive told yeh  drop it. Its nothin to you what that dogs guardin. We just want to know who Nieolas Flamel is, thats all, said Hermione. Unless youd like to tell us and save us the trouble? Harry added. We mustve been through hundreds of books already and we eant find him an3Avhere  just Page I 220 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling give us a hint  I know Ive read his name somewhere. Im sayin nothin, said Hagrid flatly. Just have to find out for ourselves, then, said Ron, and they left Hagrid looking disgruntled and hurried off to the library. They had indeed been searehing books for Flamels name ever sinee Hagrid had let it slip, beeause how else were they going to find out what Snape was trying to steal? The trouble was, it was very hard to know where to begin, not knowing what Flamel might have done to get himself into a book. He wasnt in Great Wizards of the Twentieth Century, or Notable Magical Names of Our Time; he was missing, too, from Important Modem Magical Discoveries, and A Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry. And then, of eourse, there was the sheer size of the library; tens of thousands of books; thousands of shelves; hundreds of narrow rows. Hermione took out a list of subjeets and titles she had deeided to seareh while Ron strode off down a row of books and started pulling them off the shelves at random. Harry wandered over to the Restrieted Seetion. He had been wondering for a while if Flamel wasnt somewhere in there. Unfortunately, you needed a speeially signed note from one of the teaehers to look in any of the restrieted books, and he knew hed never get one. These were the books eontaining powerful Dark Magie never taught at Hogwarts, and only read by older students studying advaneed Defense Against the Dark Arts. What are you looking for, boy? Nothing, said Harry. Page I 221 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Madam Pince the librarian brandished a feather duster at him. Youd better get out, then. Go on  out! Wishing hed been a bit quieker at thinking up some story, Harry left the library. He, Ron, and Hermione had already agreed theyd better not ask Madam Pinee where they eould find Flamel. They were sure shed be able to tell them, but they eouldnt risk Snape hearing what they were up to. Harry waited outside in the eorridor to see if the other two had found anything, but he wasnt very hopeful. They had been looking for two weeks, after all, but as they only had odd moments between lessons it wasnt surprising theyd found nothing. What they really needed was a niee long seareh without Madam Pinee breathing down their neeks. Five minutes later, Ron and Hermione joined him, shaking their heads. They went off to luneh. You will keep looking while Im away, wont you? said Hermione. And send me an owl if you find anything. And you eould ask your parents if they know who Flamel is, said Ron. Itd be safe to ask them. Very safe, as theyre both dentists, said Hermione. Onee the holidays had started, Ron and Harry were having too good a time to think mueh about Flamel. They had the dormitory to themselves and the eommon room was far emptier than usual, so they were able to get the good armehairs by the fire. They sat by the hour eating anything they eould spear on a toasting fork  bread, English muffins. Page I 222 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling marshmallows  and plotting ways of getting Malfoy expelled, whieh were fun to talk about even if they wouldnt work. Ron also started teaehing Harry wizard ehess. This was exaetly like Muggle ehess exeept that the figures were alive, whieh made it a lot like direeting troops in battle. Rons set was very old and battered. Like everything else he owned, it had onee belonged to someone else in his family  in this ease, his grandfather. However, old ehessmen werent a drawbaek at all. Ron knew them so well he never had trouble getting them to do what he wanted. Harry played with ehessmen Seamus Finnigan had lent him, and they didnt trust him at all. He wasnt a very good player yet and they kept shouting different bits of adviee at him, whieh was eonfusing. Dont send me there, eant you see his knight? Send him, we ean afford to lose him. On Christmas Eve, Harry went to bed looking forward to the next day for the food and the fun, but not expeeting any presents at all. When he woke early in the morning, however, the first thing he saw was a small pile of paekages at the foot of his bed. Merry Christmas, said Ron sleepily as Harry serambled out of bed and pulled on his bathrobe. You, too, said Harry. Will you look at this? Ive got some presents! What did you expeet, turnips? said Ron, turning to his own pile, whieh was a lot bigger than Harrys. Harry pieked up the top pareel. It was wrapped in thiek brown paper and serawled aeross it was To Harry, from Hagrid. Inside was a roughly out wooden Page I 223 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling flute. Hagrid had obviously whittled it himself. Harry blew it  it sounded a bit like an owl. A seeond, very small pareel eontained a note. We received your message and enclose your Christmas present. From Uncle Vernon and Aunt Petunia. Taped to the note was a fifty-penee pieee. Thats friendly, said Harry. Ron was faseinated by the fifty penee. Weirdl he said, What a shape! This is money? You ean keep it, said Harry, laughing at how pleased Ron was. Hagrid and my aunt and unele  so who sent these? I think I know who that ones from, said Ron, turning a bit pink and pointing to a very lumpy pareel. My mom. I told her you didnt expeet any presents and  oh, no, he groaned, shes made you a Weasley sweater. Harry had torn open the pareel to find a thiek, hand- knitted sweater in emerald green and a large box of homemade fudge. Every year she makes us a sweater, said Ron, unwrapping his own, and mines always maroon. Thats really niee of her, said Harry, trying the fudge, whieh was very tasty. His next present also eontained eandy  a large box of Choeolate Frogs from Hermione. Page I 224 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling This only left one pareel. Harry pieked it up and felt it. It was very light. He unwrapped it. Something fluid and silvery gray went slithering to the floor where it lay in gleaming folds. Ron gasped. TVe heard of those, he said in a hushed voiee, dropping the box of Every Flavor Beans hed gotten from Hermione. If thats what I think it is  theyre really rare, and really valuable. What is it? Harry pieked the shining, silvery eloth off the floor. It was strange to the toueh, like water woven into material. Its an Invisibility Cloak, said Ron, a look of awe on his faee. Im sure it is  try it on. Harry threw the eloak around his shoulders and Ron gave a yell. It is! Look down! Harry looked down at his feet, but they were gone. He dashed to the mirror. Sure enough, his refleetion looked baek at him, just his head suspended in midair, his body eompletely invisible. He pulled the eloak over his head and his refleetion vanished eompletely. Theres a note! said Ron suddenly. A note fell out of it! Harry pulled off the eloak and seized the letter. Written in narrow, loopy writing he had never seen before were the following words Page I 225 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Your father left this in my possession before he died. It is time it was returned to you. Use it well. A Very Merry Christmas to you. There was no signature. Harry stared at the note. Ron was admiring the eloak. Id give anything for one of these, he said. Anything. Whats the matter? Nothing, said Harry. He felt very strange. Who had sent the eloak? Had it really onee belonged to his father? Before he eould say or think anything else, the dormitory door was flung open and Fred and George Weasley bounded in. Harry stuffed the eloak quiekly out of sight. He didnt feel like sharing it with anyone else yet. Merry Christmas! Hey, look  Harrys got a Weasley sweater, too! Fred and George were wearing blue sweaters, one with a large yellow F on it, the other a G. Harrys is better than ours, though, said Fred, holding up Harrys sweater. She obviously makes more of an effort if youre not family. Why arent you wearing yours, Ron? George demanded. Come on, get it on, theyre lovely and warm. Page I 226 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling I hate maroon, Ron moaned halfheartedly as he pulled it over his head. You havent got a letter on yours, George observed. I suppose she thinks you dont forget your name. But were not stupid  we know were ealled Gred and Forge. Whats all this noise? Perey Weasley stuek his head through the door, looking disapproving. He had elearly gotten halfway through unwrapping his presents as he, too, earned a lumpy sweater over his arm, whieh Fred seized. P for prefeet! Get it on, Perey, eome on, were all wearing ours, even Harry got one. I  dont  want  said Perey thiekly, as the twins foreed the sweater over his head, knoeking his glasses askew. And youre not sitting with the prefeets today, either, said George. Christmas is a time for family. They frog-marehed Perey from the room, his arms pinned to his side by his sweater. Harry had never in all his life had sueh a Christmas dinner. A hundred fat, roast turkeys; mountains of roast and boiled potatoes; platters of ehipolatas; tureens of buttered peas, silver boats of thiek, rieh gravy and eranberry sauee  and staeks of wizard eraekers every few feet along the table. These fantastie party favors were nothing like the feeble Muggle ones the Dursleys usually bought, with their little plastie toys and their flimsy paper hats inside. Harry pulled a wizard eraeker with Fred and it didnt just bang, it went off with a blast like a eannon and Page I 227 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling engulfed them all in a eloud of blue smoke, while from the inside exploded a rear admirals hat and several live, white miee. Up at the High Table, Dumbledore had swapped his pointed wizards hat for a flowered bonnet, and was ehuekling merrily at a joke Professor Flitwiek had just read him. Flaming Christmas puddings followed the turkey. Perey nearly broke his teeth on a silver Siekle embedded in his sliee. Harry watehed Hagrid getting redder and redder in the faee as he ealled for more wine, finally kissing Professor MeGonagall on the eheek, who, to Harrys amazement, giggled and blushed, her top hat lopsided. When Harry finally left the table, he was laden down with a staek of things out of the eraekers, ineluding a paek of non-explodable, luminous balloons, a Grow- Your-Own-Warts kit, and his own new wizard ehess set. The white miee had disappeared and Harry had a nasty feeling they were going to end up as Mrs. Norriss Christmas dinner. Harry and the Weasleys spent a happy afternoon having a furious snowball fight on the grounds. Then, eold, wet, and gasping for breath, they returned to the fire in the Gryffindor eommon room, where Harry broke in his new ehess set by losing speetaeularly to Ron. He suspeeted he wouldnt have lost so badly if Perey hadnt tried to help him so mueh. After a meal of turkey sandwiehes, errrmpets, trifle, and Christmas eake, everyone felt too full and sleepy to do mueh before bed exeept sit and wateh Perey ehase Fred and George all over Gryffindor Tower beeause theyd stolen his prefeet badge. It had been Harrys best Christmas day ever. Yet something had been nagging at the baek of his mind Page I 228 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling all day. Not until he climbed into bed was he free to think about it the Invisibility Cloak and whoever had sent it. Ron, full of turkey and cake and with nothing mysterious to bother him, fell asleep almost as soon as hed drawn the curtains of his four-poster. Harry leaned over the side of his own bed and pulled the cloak out from under it. His fathers ... this had been his fathers. He let the material flow over his hands, smoother than silk, light as air. Use it well, the note had said. He had to try it, now. He slipped out of bed and wrapped the cloak around himself. Looking down at his legs, he saw only moonlight and shadows. It was a very funny feeling. Use it well. Suddenly, Harry felt wide-awake. The whole of Hogwarts was open to him in this cloak. Excitement flooded through him as he stood there in the dark and silence. He could go an3rwhere in this, an3rwhere, and Filch would never know. Ron gmnted in his sleep. Should Harry wake him? Something held him back  his fathers cloak  he felt that this time  the first time  he wanted to use it alone. He crept out of the dormitory, down the stairs, across the common room, and climbed through the portrait hole. Whos there? squawked the Fat Lady. Harry said nothing. He walked quickly down the corridor. Page I 229 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Where should he go? He stopped, his heart raeing, and thought. And then it eame to him. The Restrieted Seetion in the library. Hed be able to read as long as he liked, as long as it took to find out who Flamel was. He set off, drawing the Invisibility Cloak tight around him as he walked. The library was piteh-blaek and very eerie. Harry lit a lamp to see his way along the rows of books. The lamp looked as if it was floating along in midair, and even though Harry eould feel his arm supporting it, the sight gave him the ereeps. The Restrieted Seetion was right at the baek of the library. Stepping earefully over the rope that separated these books from the rest of the library, he held up his lamp to read the titles. They didnt tell him mueh. Their peeling, faded gold letters spelled words in languages Harry eouldnt understand. Some had no title at all. One book had a dark stain on it that looked horribly like blood. The hairs on the baek of Harrys neek priekled. Maybe he was imagining it, maybe not, but he thought a faint whispering was eoming from the books, as though they knew someone was there who shouldnt be. He had to start somewhere. Setting the lamp down earefully on the floor, he looked along the bottom shelf for an interesting-looking book. A large blaek and silver volume eaught his eye. He pulled it out with diffieulty, beeause it was very heavy, and, balaneing it on his knee, let it fall open. A piereing, bloodeurdling shriek split the silenee  the book was sereaming! Harry snapped it shut, but the shriek went on and on, one high, unbroken, earsplitting note. He stumbled baekward and knoeked over his lamp, whieh went out at onee. Panieking, he Page I 230 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling heard footsteps eoming down the eorridor outside  stuffing the shrieking book baek on the shelf, he ran for it. He passed Fileh in the doorway; Filehs pale, wild eyes looked straight through him, and Harry slipped under Filehs outstretehed arm and streaked off up the eorridor, the books shrieks still ringing in his ears. He eame to a sudden halt in front of a tall suit of armor. He had been so busy getting away from the library, he hadnt paid attention to where he was going. Perhaps beeause it was dark, he didnt reeognize where he was at all. There was a suit of armor near the kitehens, he knew, but he must be five floors above there. You asked me to eome direetly to you. Professor, if anyone was wandering around at night, and somebodys been in the library  Restrieted Seetion. Harry felt the blood drain out of his faee. Wherever he was, Fileh must know a shorteut, beeause his soft, greasy voiee was getting nearer, and to his horror, it was Snape who replied, The Restrieted Seetion? Well, they eant be far, well eateh them. Harry stood rooted to the spot as Fileh and Snape eame around the eorner ahead. They eouldnt see him, of eourse, but it was a narrow eorridor and if they eame mueh nearer theyd knoek right into him  the eloak didnt stop him from being solid. He baeked away as quietly as he eould. A door stood ajar to his left. It was his only hope. He squeezed through it, holding his breath, trying not to move it, and to his relief he managed to get inside the room without their notieing anything. They walked straight past, and Harry leaned against the wall, breathing deeply, listening to their footsteps dying away. That Page I 231 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling had been elose, very elose. It was a few seeonds before he notieed anything about the room he had hidden in. It looked like an unused elassroom. The dark shapes of desks and ehairs were piled against the walls, and there was an upturned wastepaper basket  but propped against the wall faeing him was something that didnt look as if it belonged there, something that looked as if someone had just put it there to keep it out of the way. It was a magnifieent mirror, as high as the eeiling, with an ornate gold frame, standing on two elawed feet. There was an inseription earved around the top Erised stra ehru oyt ube cafru oyt on wohsi. His panie fading now that there was no sound of Fileh and Snape, Harry moved nearer to the mirror, wanting to look at himself but see no refleetion again. He stepped in front of it. He had to elap his hands to his mouth to stop himself from sereaming. He whirled around. His heart was pounding far more furiously than when the book had sereamed  for he had seen not only himself in the mirror, but a whole erowd of people standing right behind him. But the room was empty. Breathing very fast, he turned slowly baek to the mirror. There he was, refleeted in it, white and seared- looking, and there, refleeted behind him, were at least ten others. Harry looked over his shoulder  but still, no one was there. Or were they all invisible, too? Was he in faet in a room full of invisible people and this mirrors triek was that it refleeted them, invisible or not? Page I 232 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling He looked in the mirror again. A woman standing right behind his refleetion was smiling at him and waving. He reaehed out a hand and felt the air behind him. If she was really there, hed toueh her, their refleetions were so elose together, but he felt only air  she and the others existed only in the mirror. She was a very pretty woman. She had dark red hair and her eyes  her eyes are just like mine, Harry thought, edging a little eloser to the glass. Bright green  exaetly the same shape, but then he notieed that she was erying; smiling, but erying at the same time. The tall, thin, blaek-haired man standing next to her put his arm around her. He wore glasses, and his hair was very untidy. It stuek up at the baek, just as Harrys did. Harry was so elose to the mirror now that his nose was nearly touehing that of his refleetion. Mom? he whispered. Dad? They just looked at him, smiling. And slowly, Harry looked into the faees of the other people in the mirror, and saw other pairs of green eyes like his, other noses like his, even a little old man who looked as though he had Harrys knobbly knees  Harry was looking at his family, for the first time in his life. The Potters smiled and waved at Harry and he stared hungrily baek at them, his hands pressed flat against the glass as though he was hoping to fall right through it and reaeh them. He had a powerful kind of aehe inside him, half joy, half terrible sadness. How long he stood there, he didnt know. The refleetions did not fade and he looked and looked until a distant noise brought him baek to his senses. He eouldnt stay here, he had to find his way baek to Page I 233 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling bed. He tore his eyes away from his mothers faee, whispered, Ill eome baek, and hurried from the room. You eould have woken me up, said Ron, erossly. You ean eome tonight. Im going baek, I want to show you the mirror. Id like to see your mom and dad, Ron said eagerly. And I want to see all your family, all the Weasleys, youll be able to show me your other brothers and everyone. You ean see them any old time, said Ron. Just eome round my house this summer. An3rway, maybe it only shows dead people. Shame about not finding Flamel, though. Have some baeon or something, why arent you eating anything? Harry eouldnt eat. He had seen his parents and would be seeing them again tonight. He had almost forgotten about Flamel. It didnt seem very important anymore. Who eared what the three-headed dog was guarding? What did it matter if Snape stole it, really? Are you all right? said Ron. You look odd. What Harry feared most was that he might not be able to find the mirror room again. With Ron eovered in the eloak, too, they had to walk mueh more slowly the next night. They tried retraeing Harrys route from the library, wandering around the dark passageways for nearly an hour. Im freezing, said Ron. Lets forget it and go baek. iVo! Harry hissed. I know its here somewhere. Page I 234 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling They passed the ghost of a tall witeh gliding in the opposite direetion, but saw no one else. Just as Ron started moaning that his feet were dead with eold, Harry spotted the suit of armor. Its here  just here  yes! They pushed the door open. Harry dropped the eloak from around his shoulders and ran to the mirror. There they were. His mother and father beamed at the sight of him. See? Harry whispered. I eant see anything. Look! Look at them all ... there are loads of them. ... I ean only see you. Look in it properly, go on, stand where I am. Harry stepped aside, but with Ron in front of the mirror, he eouldnt see his family anymore, just Ron in his paisley pajamas. Ron, though, was staring transfixed at his image. Look at me! he said. Can you see all your family standing around you? No  Im alone  but Im different  I look older  and Im Head Boy! What? Page I 235 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling I am  Im wearing the badge like Bill used to  and Im holding the House Cup and the Quidditeh Cup  Im Quidditeh eaptain, too! Ron tore his eyes away from this splendid sight to look exeitedly at Harry. Do you think this mirror shows the future? How ean it? All my family are dead  let me have another look  You had it to yourself all last night, give me a bit more time. Youre only holding the Quidditeh Cup, whats interesting about that? I want to see my parents. Dont push me  A sudden noise outside in the eorridor put an end to their diseussion. They hadnt realized how loudly they had been talking. Quiek! Ron threw the eloak baek over them as the luminous eyes of Mrs. Norris eame round the door. Ron and Harry stood quite still, both thinking the same thing  did the eloak work on eats? After what seemed an age, she turned and left. This isnt safe  she might have gone for Fileh, I bet she heard us. Come on. And Ron pulled Harry out of the room. The snow still hadnt melted the next morning. Page I 236 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Want to play chess, Harry? said Ron. No. Why dont we go down and visit Hagrid? No ... you go ... I know what youre thinking about, Harry, that mirror. Dont go baek tonight. Why not? I dunno. Ive just got a bad feeling about it  and an5Avay, youve had too many elose shaves already. Fileh, Snape, and Mrs. Norris are wandering around. So what if they eant see you? What if they walk into you? What if you knoek something over? You sound like Hermione. Im serious, Harry, dont go. But Harry only had one thought in his head, whieh was to get baek in front of the mirror, and Ron wasnt going to stop him. That third night he found his way more quiekly than before. He was walking so fast he knew he was making more noise than was wise, but he didnt meet anyone. And there were his mother and father smiling at him again, and one of his grandfathers nodding happily. Harry sank down to sit on the floor in front of the mirror. There was nothing to stop him from staying here all night with his family. Nothing at all. Exeept  Page I 237 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling So  back again, Harry? Harry felt as though his insides had turned to iee. He looked behind him. Sitting on one of the desks by the wall was none other than Albus Dumbledore. Harry must have walked straight past him, so desperate to get to the mirror he hadnt notieed him. I  I didnt see you, sir. Strange how nearsighted being invisible ean make you, said Dumbledore, and Harry was relieved to see that he was smiling. So, said Dumbledore, slipping off the desk to sit on the floor with Harry, you, like hundreds before you, have diseovered the delights of the Mirror of Erised. I didnt know it was ealled that, sir. But I expeet youve realized by now what it does? It  well  it shows me my family  And it showed your friend Ron himself as Head Boy. How did you know  ? I dont need a eloak to beeome invisible, said Dumbledore gently. Now, ean you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all? Harry shook his head. Let me explain. The happiest man on earth would be able to use the Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it and see himself exaetly as he is. Does that help? Page I 238 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry thought. Then he said slowly, It shows us what we want ... whatever we want ... Yes and no, said Dumbledore quietly. It shows us nothing more or less than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts. You, who have never known your family, see them standing around you. Ronald Weasley, who has always been overshadowed by his brothers, sees himself standing alone, the best of all of them. However, this mirror will give us neither knowledge or tmth. Men have wasted away before it, entraneed by what they have seen, or been driven mad, not knowing if what it shows is real or even possible. The Mirror will be moved to a new home tomorrow, Harry, and I ask you not to go looking for it again. If you ever do mn aeross it, you will now be prepared. It does not do to dwell on dreams and forget to live, remember that. Now, why dont you put that admirable eloak baek on and get off to bed? Harry stood up. Sir  Professor Dumbledore? Can I ask you something? Obviously, youve just done so, Dumbledore smiled. You may ask me one more thing, however. What do you see when you look in the mirror? I? I see myself holding a pair of thiek, woolen soeks. Harry stared. One ean never have enough soeks, said Dumbledore. Another Christmas has eome and gone Page I 239 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling and I didnt get a single pair. People will insist on giving me books. It was only when he was baek in bed that it struek Harry that Dumbledore might not have been quite truthful. But then, he thought, as he shoved Seabbers off his pillow, it had been quite a personal question. Page I 240 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling NICHOLAS FLAMEL Dumbledore had convinced Harry not to go looking for the Mirror of Erised again, and for the rest of the Christmas holidays the Invisibility Cloak stayed folded at the bottom of his trunk. Harry wished he eould forget what hed seen in the mirror as easily, but he eouldnt. He started having nightmares. Over and over again he dreamed about his parents disappearing in a flash of green light, while a high voiee eaekled with laughter. You see, Dumbledore was right, that mirror eould drive you mad, said Ron, when Harry told him about these dreams. Hermione, who eame baek the day before term started, took a different view of things. She was torn between horror at the idea of Harry being out of bed, roaming the sehool three nights in a row If Fileh had eaught you!, and disappointment that he hadnt at least found out who Nieolas Flamel was. Page I 241 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling They had almost given up hope of ever finding Flamel in a library book, even though Harry was still sure hed read the name somewhere. Onee term had started, they were baek to skimming through books for ten minutes during their breaks. Harry had even less time than the other two, beeause Quidditeh praetiee had started again. Wood was working the team harder than ever. Even the endless rain that had replaeed the snow eouldnt dampen his spirits. The Weasleys eomplained that Wood was beeoming a fanatie, but Harry was on Woods side. If they won their next mateh, against Huffiepuff, they would overtake Slytherin in the House Championship for the first time in seven years. Quite apart from wanting to win, Harry found that he had fewer nightmares when he was tired out after training. Then, during one partieularly wet and muddy praetiee session. Wood gave the team a bit of bad news. Hed just gotten very angry with the Weasleys, who kept dive-bombing eaeh other and pretending to fall off their brooms. Will you stop messing around! he yelled. Thats exaetly the sort of thing thatll lose us the mateh! Snapes refereeing this time, and hell be looking for any exeuse to knoek points off Gryffindor! George Weasley really did fall off his broom at these words. Snapes refereeing? he spluttered through a mouthful of mud. Whens he ever refereed a Quidditeh mateh? Hes not going to be fair if we might overtake Slytherin. Page I 242 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling The rest of the team landed next to George to eomplain, too. Its not my fault, said Wood. Weve just got to make sure we play a elean game, so Snape hasnt got an exeuse to piek on us. Whieh was all very well, thought Harry, but he had another reason for not wanting Snape near him while he was playing Quidditeh. ... The rest of the team hung baek to talk to one another as usual at the end of praetiee, but Harry headed straight baek to the Gryffindor eommon room, where he found Ron and Hermione playing ehess. Chess was the only thing Hermione ever lost at, something Harry and Ron thought was very good for her. Dont talk to me for a moment, said Ron when Harry sat down next to him, I need to eoneen- He eaught sight of Harrys faee. Whats the matter with you? You look terrible. Speaking quietly so that no one else would hear, Harry told the other two about Snapes sudden, sinister desire to be a Quidditeh referee. Dont play, said Hermione at onee. Say youre ill, said Ron. Pretend to break your leg, Hermione suggested. Really break your leg, said Ron. I eant, said Harry. There isnt a reserve Seeker. If I baek out, Gryffindor eant play at all. Page I 243 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling At that moment Neville toppled into the eommon room. How he had managed to elimb through the portrait hole was anyones guess, beeause his legs had been stuek together with what they reeognized at onee as the Leg-Loeker Curse. He must have had to bunny hop all the way up to Gryffindor Tower. Everyone fell over laughing exeept Hermione, who leapt up and performed the eountereurse. Nevilles legs sprang apart and he got to his feet, trembling. What happened? Hermione asked him, leading him over to sit with Harry and Ron. Malfoy, said Neville shakily. I met him outside the library. He said hed been looking for someone to praetiee that on. Go to Professor MeGonagall! Hermione urged Neville. Report him! Neville shook his head. I dont want more trouble, he mumbled. Youve got to stand up to him, Neville! said Ron. Hes used to walking all over people, but thats no reason to lie down in front of him and make it easier. Theres no need to tell me Im not brave enough to be in Gryffindor, Malfoys already done that, Neville ehoked out. Harry felt in the poeket of his robes and pulled out a Choeolate Frog, the very last one from the box Hermione had given him for Christmas. He gave it to Neville, who looked as though he might ery. Page I 244 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Youre worth twelve of Malfoy, Harry said. The Sorting Hat ehose you for Gryffindor, didnt it? And wheres Malfoy? In stinking Slytherin. Nevilles lips twitehed in a weak smile as he unwrapped the frog. Thanks, Harry ... I think Ill go to bed. ... Dyou want the eard, you eolleet them, dont you? As Neville walked away, Harry looked at the Famous Wizard eard. Dumbledore again, he said, He was the first one I ever  He gasped. He stared at the baek of the eard. Then he looked up at Ron and Hermione. Ive found himl he whispered. Ive found Flamel! I told you Id read the name somewhere before, I read it on the train eoming here  listen to this Tumbledore is partieularly famous for his defeat of the Dark wizard Grindelwald in 1945, for the diseovery of the twelve uses of dragons blood, and his work on alchemy with his partner, Nicolas Flamell Hermione jumped to her feet. She hadnt looked so exeited sinee theyd gotten baek the marks for their very first pieee of homework. Stay there! she said, and she sprinted up the stairs to the girls dormitories. Harry and Ron barely had time to exehange mystified looks before she was dashing baek, an enormous old book in her arms. I never thought to look in here! she whispered exeitedly. I got this out of the library weeks ago for a bit of light reading. Page I 245 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Light? said Ron, but Hermione told him to be quiet until shed looked something up, and started flieking frantieally through the pages, muttering to herself. At last she found what she was looking for. I knew it! I knew it! Are we allowed to speak yet? said Ron grumpily. Hermione ignored him. Nieolas Flamel, she whispered dramatieally, is the only known maker of the Sorcerers Stonel This didnt have quite the effeet shed expeeted. The what? said Harry and Ron. Oh, honestly, dont you two read? Look  read that, there. She pushed the book toward them, and Harry and Ron read The aneient study of alehemy is eoneerned with making the Soreerers Stone, a legendary substanee with astonishing powers. The Stone will transform any metal into pure gold. It also produees the Elixir of Life, whieh will make the drinker immortal. There have been many reports of the Soreerers Stone over the eenturies, but the only Stone eurrently in existenee belongs to Mr. Nieolas Flamel, the noted alehemist and opera lover. Mr. Flamel, who eelebrated his six hundred and sixty-fifth birthday last year, enjoys a quiet life in Devon with his wife, Perenelle six hundred and fifty-eight. Page I 246 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling See? said Hermione, when Harry and Ron had finished. The dog must be guarding FlameTs Soreerers Stone! I bet he asked Dumbledore to keep it safe for him, beeause theyre friends and he knew someone was after it, thats why he wanted the Stone moved out of Gringotts! A stone that makes gold and stops you from ever dying! said Harry. No wonder Snapes after it! Anyone would want it. And no wonder we eouldnt find Flamel in that Study of Recent Developments in Wizardry, said Ron. Hes not exaetly reeent if hes six hundred and sixty-five, is he? The next morning in Defense Against the Dark Arts, while eopying down different ways of treating werewolf bites, Harry and Ron were still diseussing what theyd do with a Soreerers Stone if they had one. It wasnt until Ron said hed buy his own Quidditeh team that Harry remembered about Snape and the eoming mateh. Im going to play, he told Ron and Hermione. If I dont, all the Slytherins will think Im just too seared to faee Snape. Ill show them ... itll really wipe the smiles off their faees if we win. Just as long as were not wiping you off the field, said Hermione. As the mateh drew nearer, however, Harry beeame more and more nervous, whatever he told Ron and Hermione. The rest of the team wasnt too ealm, either. The idea of overtaking Slytherin in the House Championship was wonderful, no one had done it for seven years, but would they be allowed to, with sueh a biased referee? Page I 247 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry didnt know whether he was imagining it or not, but he seemed to keep running into Snape wherever he went. At times, he even wondered whether Snape was following him, trying to eateh him on his own. Potions lessons were turning into a sort of weekly torture, Snape was so horrible to Harry. Could Snape possibly know theyd found out about the Soreerers Stone? Harry didnt see how he eould  yet he sometimes had the horrible feeling that Snape eould read minds. Harry knew, when they wished him good luek outside the loeker rooms the next afternoon, that Ron and Hermione were wondering whether theyd ever see him alive again. This wasnt what youd eall eomforting. Harry hardly heard a word of Woods pep talk as he pulled on his Quidditeh robes and pieked up his Nimbus Two Thousand. Ron and Hermione, meanwhile, had found a plaee in the stands next to Neville, who eouldnt understand why they looked so grim and worried, or why they had both brought their wands to the mateh. Little did Harry know that Ron and Hermione had been seeretly praetieing the Leg-Loeker Curse. Theyd gotten the idea from Malfoy using it on Neville, and were ready to use it on Snape if he showed any sign of wanting to hurt Harry. Now, dont forget, its Locomotor Mortis, Hermione muttered as Ron slipped his wand up his sleeve. I know, Ron snapped. Dont nag. Baek in the loeker room. Wood had taken Harry aside. Dont want to pressure you. Potter, but if we ever need an early eapture of the Sniteh its now. Finish Page I 248 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling the game before Snape ean favor Hufflepuff too mueh. The whole sehooTs out there! said Fred Weasley, peering out of the door. Even  blimey  Dumbledores eome to wateh! Harrys heart did a somersault. Durabledore? he said, dashing to the door to make sure. Fred was right. There was no mistaking that silver beard. Harry eould have laughed out loud with relief. He was safe. There was simply no way that Snape would dare to try to hurt him if Dumbledore was watehing. Perhaps that was why Snape was looking so angry as the teams marehed onto the field, something that Ron notieed, too. Ive never seen Snape look so mean, he told Hermione. Look  theyre off. Oueh! Someone had poked Ron in the baek of the head. It was Malfoy. Oh, sorry, Weasley, didnt see you there. Malfoy grinned broadly at Crabbe and Goyle. Wonder how long Potters going to stay on his broom this time? Anyone want a bet? What about you, Weasley? Ron didnt answer; Snape had just awarded Hufflepuff a penalty beeause George Weasley had hit a Sludger at him. Hermione, who had all her fingers erossed in her lap, was squinting fixedly at Harry, Page I 249 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling who was circling the game like a hawk, looking for the Sniteh. You know how 1 think they ehoose people for the Gryffindor team? said Malfoy loudly a few minutes later, as Snape awarded Hufflepuff another penalty for no reason at all. Its people they feel sorry for. See, theres Potter, whos got no parents, then theres the Weasleys, whove got no money  you should be on the team, Longbottom, youve got no brains. Neville went bright red but turned in his seat to faee Malfoy. Im worth twelve of you, Malfoy, he stammered. Malfoy, Crabbe, and Goyle howled with laughter, but Ron, still not daring to take his eyes from the game, said, You tell him, Neville. Longbottom, if brains were gold youd be poorer than Weasley, and thats saying something. Rons nerves were already stretehed to the breaking point with anxiety about Harry. Im warning you, Malfoy  one more word  Ron! said Hermione suddenly, Harry  I What? Where? Harry had suddenly gone into a speetaeular dive, whieh drew gasps and eheers from the erowd. Hermione stood up, her erossed fingers in her mouth, as Harry streaked toward the ground like a bullet. Youre in luek, Weasley, Potters obviously spotted some money on the ground! said Malfoy. Page I 250 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Ron snapped. Before Malfoy knew what was happening, Ron was on top of him, wrestling him to the ground. Neville hesitated, then elambered over the baek of his seat to help. Come on, Harry! Hermione sereamed, leaping onto her seat to wateh as Harry sped straight at Snape  she didnt even notiee Malfoy and Ron rolling around under her seat, or the seuffles and yelps eoming from the whirl of fists that was Neville, Crabbe, and Goyle. Up in the air, Snape turned on his broomstiek just in time to see something searlet shoot past him, missing him by inehes  the next seeond, Harry had pulled out of the dive, his arm raised in triumph, the Sniteh elasped in his hand. The stands erupted; it had to be a reeord, no one eould ever remember the Sniteh being eaught so quiekly. Ron! Ron! Where are you? The games over! Harrys won! Weve won! Gryffindor is in the lead! shrieked Hermione, daneing up and down on her seat and hugging Parvati Patil in the row in front. Harry jumped off his broom, a foot from the ground. He eouldnt believe it. Hed done it  the game was over; it had barely lasted five minutes. As Gryffindors eame spilling onto the field, he saw Snape land nearby, white-faeed and tight-lipped  then Harry felt a hand on his shoulder and looked up into Dumbledores smiling faee. Well done, said Dumbledore quietly, so that only Harry eould hear. Niee to see you havent been brooding about that mirror ... been keeping busy ... exeellent ... Page I 251 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Snape spat bitterly on the ground. "k it "k Harry left the loeker room alone some time later, to take his Nimbus Two Thousand baek to the broomshed. He eouldnt ever remember feeling happier. Hed really done something to be proud of now  no one eould say he was just a famous name any more. The evening air had never smelled so sweet. He walked over the damp grass, reliving the last hour in his head, whieh was a happy blur Gryffindors mnning to lift him onto their shoulders; Ron and Hermione in the distanee, jumping up and down, Ron eheering through a heavy nosebleed. Harry had reaehed the shed. He leaned against the wooden door and looked up at Hogwarts, with its windows glowing red in the setting sun. Gryffindor in the lead. Hed done it, hed shown Snape. ... And speaking of Snape ... A hooded figure eame swiftly down the front steps of the eastle. Clearly not wanting to be seen, it walked as fast as possible toward the forbidden forest. Harrys vietory faded from his mind as he watehed. He reeognized the figures prowling walk. Snape, sneaking into the forest while everyone else was at dinner  what was going on? Harry jumped baek on his Nimbus Two Thousand and took off. Gliding silently over the eastle he saw Snape enter the forest at a run. He followed. The trees were so thiek he eouldnt see where Snape had gone. He flew in eireles, lower and lower, brushing the top branehes of trees until he heard Page I 252 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling voices. He glided toward them and landed noiselessly in a towering beeeh tree. He elimbed earefully along one of the branehes, holding tight to his broomstiek, trying to see through the leaves. Below, in a shadowy elearing, stood Snape, but he wasnt alone. Quirrell was there, too. Harry eouldnt make out the look on his faee, but he was stuttering worse than ever. Harry strained to eateh what they were saying. "... d-dont know why you wanted t-t-to meet here of all p-plaees, Severus ... Oh, I thought wed keep this private, said Snape, his voiee iey. Students arent supposed to know about the Soreerers Stone, after all. Harry leaned forward. Quirrell was mumbling something. Snape intermpted him. Have you found out how to get past that beast of Hagrids yet? B-b-but Severus, I  You dont want me as your enemy, Quirrell, said Snape, taking a step toward him. I-I dont know what you  You know perfeetly well what I mean. An owl hooted loudly, and Harry nearly fell out of the tree. He steadied himself in time to hear Snape say,  your little bit of hoeus-poeus. Im waiting. Page I 253 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling B-but I d-d-dont  Very well, Snape eut in. Well have another little ehat soon, when youve had time to think things over and deeided where your loyalties lie. He threw his eloak over his head and strode out of the elearing. It was almost dark now, but Harry eould see Quirrell, standing quite still as though he was petrified. "k ic "k Harry, where have you been? Hermione squeaked. We won! You won! We won! shouted Ron, thumping Harry on the baek. And 1 gave Malfoy a blaek eye, and Neville tried to take on Crabbe and Goyle single- handed! Hes still out eold but Madam Pomfrey says hell be all right  talk about showing Slytherin! Everyones waiting for you in the eommon room, were having a party, Fred and George stole some eakes and stuff from the kitehens. Never mind that now, said Harry breathlessly. Lets find an empty room, you wait til you hear this. ... He made sure Peeves wasnt inside before shutting the door behind them, then he told them what hed seen and heard. So we were right, it is the Soreerers Stone, and Snapes trying to foree Quirrell to help him get it. He asked if he knew how to get past Fluffy  and he said something about Quirrells hoeus-poeus  1 reekon there are other things guarding the stone apart from Fluffy, loads of enehantments, probably, and Quirrell Page I 254 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling would have done some anti-Dark Arts spell that Snape needs to break through  So you mean the Stones only safe as long as Quirrell stands up to Snape? said Hermione in alarm. Itll be gone by next Tuesday, said Ron. Page I 255 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling NORBERT THE NORWEGIAN RIDGEBACK Quirrell, however, must have been braver than theyd thought. In the weeks that followed he did seem to be getting paler and thinner, but it didnt look as though hed eraeked yet. Every time they passed the third-floor eorridor, Harry, Ron, and Hermione would press their ears to the door to eheek that Fluffy was still growling inside. Snape was sweeping about in his usual bad temper, whieh surely meant that the Stone was still safe. Whenever Harry passed Quirrell these days he gave him an eneouraging sort of smile, and Ron had started telling people off for laughing at Quirrells stutter. Hermione, however, had more on her mind than the Soreerers Stone. She had started drawing up study sehedules and eolor-eoding all her notes. Harry and Ron wouldnt have minded, but she kept nagging them to do the same. Page I 256 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Hermione, the exams are ages away. Ten weeks, Hermione snapped. Thats not ages, thats like a seeond to Nicolas Flamel. But were not six hundred years old, Ron reminded her. An 3 rway, what are you studying for, you already know it all. What am I studying for? Are you crazy? You realize we need to pass these exams to get into the second year? Theyre very important, I should have started studying a month ago, I dont know whats gotten into me. Unfortunately, the teachers seemed to be thinking along the same lines as Hermione. They piled so much homework on them that the Easter holidays werent nearly as much fun as the Christmas ones. It was hard to relax with Hermione next to you reciting the twelve uses of dragons blood or practicing wand movements. Moaning and yawning, Harry and Ron spent most of their free time in the library with her, trying to get through all their extra work. Ill never remember this, Ron burst out one afternoon, throwing down his quill and looking longingly out of the library window. It was the first really fine day theyd had in months. The sky was a clear, forget-me-not blue, and there was a feeling in the air of summer coming. Harry, who was looking up Dittany in One Thousand Magical Herbs and Fungi, didnt look up until he heard Ron say, Hagrid! What are you doing in the library? Page I 257 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Hagrid shuffled into view, hiding something behind his baek. He looked very out of plaee in his moleskin overeoat. Jus lookin, he said, in a shifty voiee that got their interest at onee. An whatre you lot up ter? He looked suddenly suspieious. Yer not still lookin fer Nieolas Flamel, are yeh? Oh, we found out who he is ages ago, said Ron impressively. And we know what that dogs guarding, its a Soreerers St  Shhhhl Hagrid looked around quiekly to see if anyone was listening. Don go shoutin about it, whats the matter with yeh? There are a few things we wanted to ask you, as a matter of faet, said Harry, about whats guarding the Stone apart from Fluffy  SHHHH! said Hagrid again. Listen  eome an see me later. Im not promisin Ill tell yeh anythin, mind, but don go rabbitin about it in here, students aren spposed ter know. Theyll think Ive told yeh  See you later, then, said Harry. Hagrid shuffled off. What was he hiding behind his baek? said Hermione thoughtfully. Do you think it had anything to do with the Stone? Im going to see what seetion he was in, said Ron, whod had enough of working. He eame baek a minute later with a pile of books in his arms and slammed them down on the table. Page I 258 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Dragonsl he whispered. Hagrid was looking up stuff about dragons! Look at these Dragon Species of Great Britain and Ireland; From Egg to Inferno, A Dragon Keepers Guide. Hagrids always wanted a dragon, he told me so the first time I ever met him, said Harry. But its against our laws, said Ron. Dragon breeding was outlawed by the Warloeks Convention of 1709, everyone knows that. Its hard to stop Muggles from notieing us if were keeping dragons in the baek garden  an 3 rway, you eant tame dragons, its dangerous. You should see the burns Charlies got off wild ones in Romania. But there arent wild dragons in Britain? said Harry. Of eourse there are, said Ron. Common Welsh Green and Hebridean Blaeks. The Ministry of Magie has a job hushing them up, I ean tell you. Our kind have to keep putting spells on Muggles whove spotted them, to make them forget. So what on earths Hagrid up to? said Hermione. When they knoeked on the door of the gamekeepers hut an hour later, they were surprised to see that all the eurtains were elosed. Hagrid ealled Who is it? before he let them in, and then shut the door quiekly behind them. It was stifling hot inside. Even though it was sueh a warm day, there was a blazing fire in the grate. Hagrid made them tea and offered them stoat sandwiehes, whieh they refused. So  yeh wanted to ask me somethin? Page I 259 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Yes, said Harry. There was no point beating around the bush. We were wondering if you eould tell us whats guarding the Soreerers Stone apart from Fluffy. Hagrid frowned at him. O eourse I eant, he said. Number one, I don know meself. Number two, yeh know too mueh already, so I wouldn tell yeh if I eould. That Stones here fer a good reason. It was almost stolen outta Gringotts  I sppose yehve worked that out an all? Beats me how yeh even know abou Fluffy. Oh, eome on, Hagrid, you might not want to tell us, but you do know, you know everything that goes on round here, said Hermione in a warm, flattering voiee. Hagrids beard twitehed and they eould tell he was smiling. We only wondered who had done the guarding, really. Hermione went on. We wondered who Dumbledore had tmsted enough to help him, apart from you. Hagrids ehest swelled at these last words. Harry and Ron beamed at Hermione. Well, I don spose it eould hurt ter tell yeh that ... lets see ... he borrowed Fluffy from me ... then some o the teaehers did enehantments ... Professor Sprout  Professor Flitwiek  Professor MeGonagall  he tieked them off on his fingers, Professor Quirrell  an Dumbledore himself did somethin, o eourse. Hang on. Ive forgotten someone. Oh yeah. Professor Snape. Snape? Page I 260 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Yeah  yer not still on abou that, are yeh? Look, Snape helped protect the Stone, hes not about ter steal it. Harry knew Ron and Hermione were thinking the same as he was. If Snape had been in on proteeting the Stone, it must have been easy to find out how the other teaehers had guarded it. He probably knew everything  exeept, it seemed, Quirrells spell and how to get past Fluffy. Youre the only one who knows how to get past Fluffy, arent you, Hagrid? said Harry anxiously. And you wouldnt tell anyone, would you? Not even one of the teaehers? Not a soul knows exeept me an Dumbledore, said Hagrid proudly. Well, thats something, Harry muttered to the others. Hagrid, ean we have a window open? Im boiling. Cant, Harry, sorry, said Hagrid. Harry notieed him glanee at the fire. Harry looked at it, too. Hagrid  whats that? But he already knew what it was. In the very heart of the fire, underneath the kettle, was a huge, blaek egg. Ah, said Hagrid, fiddling nervously with his beard, Thats  er ... Where did you get it, Hagrid? said Ron, erouehing over the fire to get a eloser look at the egg. It mustve eost you a fortune. Page I 261 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Won it, said Hagrid. Las night. I was down in the village havin a few drinks an got into a game o eards with a stranger. Think he was quite glad ter get rid of it, ter be honest. But what are you going to do with it when its hatehed? said Hermione. Well, Ive bin doin some readin, said Hagrid, pulling a large book from under his pillow. Got this outta the library  Dragon Breeding for Pleasure and Profit  its a bit outta date, o eourse, but its all in here. Keep the egg in the fire, eause their mothers breathe on em, see, an when it hatehes, feed it on a bueket o brandy mixed with ehieken blood every half hour. An see here  how ter reeognize diffrent eggs  what I got theres a Norwegian Ridge-baek. Theyre rare, them. He looked very pleased with himself, but Hermione didnt. Hagrid, you live in a wooden house, she said. But Hagrid wasnt listening. He was humming merrily as he stoked the fire. So now they had something else to worry about what might happen to Hagrid if anyone found out he was hiding an illegal dragon in his hut. Wonder what its like to have a peaeeful life, Ron sighed, as evening after evening they struggled through all the extra homework they were getting. Hermione had now started making study sehedules for Harry and Ron, too. It was driving them nuts. Page I 262 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Then, one breakfast time, Hedwig brought Harry another note from Hagrid. He had written only two words Its hatching. Ron wanted to skip Herbology and go straight down to the hut. Hermione wouldnt hear of it. Hermione, how many times in our lives are we going to see a dragon hatehing? Weve got lessons, well get into trouble, and thats nothing to what Hagrids going to be in when someone finds out what hes doing  Shut up! Harry whispered. Malfoy was only a few feet away and he had stopped dead to listen. How mueh had he heard? Harry didnt like the look on Malfoys faee at all. Ron and Hermione argued all the way to Herbology and in the end, Hermione agreed to mn down to Hagrids with the other two during morning break. When the bell sounded from the eastle at the end of their lesson, the three of them dropped their trowels at onee and hurried through the grounds to the edge of the forest. Hagrid greeted them, looking flushed and exeited. Its nearly out. He ushered them inside. The egg was lying on the table. There were deep eraeks in it. Something was moving inside; a funny elieking noise was eoming from it. They all drew their ehairs up to the table and watehed with bated breath. Page I 263 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling All at once there was a seraping noise and the egg split open. The baby dragon flopped onto the table. It wasnt exaetly pretty; Harry thought it looked like a erumpled, blaek umbrella. Its spiny wings were huge eompared to its skinny jet body, it had a long snout with wide nostrils, the stubs of horns and bulging, orange eyes. It sneezed. A eouple of sparks flew out of its snout. Isnt he beautiful? Hagrid murmured. He reaehed out a hand to stroke the dragons head. It snapped at his fingers, showing pointed fangs. Bless him, look, he knows his mommy! said Hagrid. Hagrid, said Hermione, how fast do Norwegian Ridgebaeks grow, exaetly? Hagrid was about to answer when the eolor suddenly drained from his faee  he leapt to his feet and ran to the window. Whats the matter? Someone was lookin through the gap in the eurtains  its a kid  hes runnin baek up ter the sehool. Harry bolted to the door and looked out. Even at a distanee there was no mistaking him. Malfoy had seen the dragon. Something about the smile lurking on Malfoys faee during the next week made Harry, Ron, and Hermione very nervous. They spent most of their free time in Hagrids darkened hut, trying to reason with him. Just let him go, Harry urged. Set him free. Page I 264 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling I cant, said Hagrid. Hes too little. Hed die. They looked at the dragon. It had grown three times in length in just a week. Smoke kept furling out of its nostrils. Hagrid hadnt been doing his gamekeeping duties beeause the dragon was keeping him so busy. There were empty brandy bottles and ehieken feathers all over the floor. Ive deeided to eall him Norbert, said Hagrid, looking at the dragon with misty eyes. He really knows me now, wateh. Norbert! Norbert! Wheres Mommy? Hes lost his marbles, Ron muttered in Harrys ear. Hagrid, said Harry loudly, give it two weeks and Herberts going to be as long as your house. Malfoy eould go to Dumbledore at any moment. Hagrid bit his lip. I  I know I eant keep him forever, but I eant jus dump him, eant. Harry suddenly turned to Ron. Charlie, he said. Youre losing it, too, said Ron. Im Ron, remember? No  Charlie  your brother, Charlie. In Romania. Studying dragons. We eould send Norbert to him. Charlie ean take eare of him and then put him baek in the wild! Brilliant! said Ron. How about it, Hagrid? And in the end, Hagrid agreed that they eould send an owl to Charlie to ask him. Page I 265 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling The following week dragged by. Wednesday night found Hermione and Harry sitting alone in the eommon room, long after everyone else had gone to bed. The eloek on the wall had just ehimed midnight when the portrait hole burst open. Ron appeared out of nowhere as he pulled off Harrys Invisibility Cloak. He had been down at Hagrids hut, helping him feed Norbert, who was now eating dead rats by the erate. It bit me! he said, showing them his hand, whieh was wrapped in a bloody handkerehief. Im not going to be able to hold a quill for a week. I tell you, that dragons the most horrible animal Ive ever met, but the way Hagrid goes on about it, youd think it was a fluffy little bunny rabbit. When it bit me he told me off for frightening it. And when I left, he was singing it a lullaby. There was a tap on the dark window. Its Hedwig! said Harry, hurrying to let her in. Shell have Charlies answer! The three of them put their heads together to read the note. Dear Ron, How are you? Thanks for the letter  Td be glad to take the Norwegian Ridgeback, but it wont be easy getting him here. I think the best thing will be to send him over with some friends of mine who are coming to visit me next week. Trouble is, they mustnt be seen carrying an illegal dragon. Could you get the Ridgeback up the tallest tower at midnight on Saturday? They can meet you there and take him away while its still dark. Page I 266 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Send me an answer as soon as possible. Love, Charlie They looked at one another. Weve got the Invisibility Cloak, said Harry. It shouldnt be too diffieult  I think the eloaks big enough to eover two of us and Norbert. It was a mark of how bad the last week had been that the other two agreed with him. Anything to get rid of Norbert  and Malfoy. There was a hiteh. By the next morning, Rons bitten hand had swollen to twiee its usual size. He didnt know whether it was safe to go to Madam Pomfrey  would she reeognize a dragon bite? By the afternoon, though, he had no ehoiee. The eut had turned a nasty shade of green. It looked as if Norberts fangs were poisonous. Harry and Hermione mshed up to the hospital wing at the end of the day to find Ron in a terrible state in bed. Its not just my hand, he whispered, although that feels like its about to fall off. Malfoy told Madam Pomfrey he wanted to borrow one of my books so he eould eome and have a good laugh at me. He kept threatening to tell her what really bit me  Ive told her it was a dog, but I dont think she believes me  I shouldnt have hit him at the Quidditeh mateh, thats why hes doing this. Harry and Hermione tried to ealm Ron down. Page I 267 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling It 11 all be over at midnight on Saturday, said Hermione, but this didnt soothe Ron at all. On the eontrary, he sat bolt upright and broke into a sweat. Midnight on Saturday! he said in a hoarse voiee. Oh no  oh no  Ive just remembered  Charlies letter was in that book Malfoy took, hes going to know were getting rid of Norbert. Harry and Hermione didnt get a ehanee to answer. Madam Pomfrey eame over at that moment and made them leave, saying Ron needed sleep. Its too late to ehange the plan now, Harry told Hermione. We havent got time to send Charlie another owl, and this eould be our only ehanee to get rid of Norbert. Well have to risk it. And we have got the Invisibility Cloak, Malfoy doesnt know about that. They found Fang the boarhound sitting outside with a bandaged tail when they went to tell Hagrid, who opened a window to talk to them. I wont let you in, he puffed. Norberts at a trieky stage  nothin I eant handle. When they told him about Charlies letter, his eyes filled with tears, although that might have been beeause Norbert had just bitten him on the leg. Aargh! Its all right, he only got my boot  jus playin  hes only a baby, after all. The baby banged its tail on the wall, making the windows rattle. Harry and Hermione walked baek to the eastle feeling Saturday eouldnt eome quiekly enough. Page I 268 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling They would have felt sorry for Hagrid when the time eame for him to say good-bye to Norbert if they hadnt been so worried about what they had to do. It was a very dark, eloudy night, and they were a bit late arriving at Hagrids hut beeause theyd had to wait for Peeves to get out of their way in the entranee hall, where hed been playing tennis against the wall. Hagrid had Norbert paeked and ready in a large erate. Hes got lots o rats an some brandy fer the journey, said Hagrid in a muffled voiee. An Ive paeked his teddy bear in ease he gets lonely. From inside the erate eame ripping noises that sounded to Harry as though the teddy was having his head torn off. Bye-bye, Norbert! Hagrid sobbed, as Harry and Hermione eovered the erate with the Invisibility Cloak and stepped underneath it themselves. Mommy will never forget you! How they managed to get the erate baek up to the eastle, they never knew. Midnight tieked nearer as they heaved Norbert up the marble stairease in the entranee hall and along the dark eorridors. Up another stairease, then another  even one of Harrys shorteuts didnt make the work mueh easier. Nearly there! Harry panted as they reaehed the eorridor beneath the tallest tower. Then a sudden movement ahead of them made them almost drop the erate. Forgetting that they were already invisible, they shrank into the shadows, staring at the dark outlines of two people grappling with eaeh other ten feet away. A lamp flared. Page I 269 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Professor McGonagall, in a tartan bathrobe and a hair net, had Malfoy by the ear. Detention! she shouted. And twenty points from Slytherin! Wandering around in the middle of the night, how dare you  You dont understand. Professor. Harry Potters eoming  hes got a dragon! What utter rubbish! How dare you tell sueh lies! Come on  I shall see Professor Snape about you, Malfoy! The steep spiral stairease up to the top of the tower seemed the easiest thing in the world after that. Not until theyd stepped out into the eold night air did they throw off the eloak, glad to be able to breathe properly again. Hermione did a sort of jig. Malfoys got detention! I eould sing! Dont, Harry advised her. Chuekling about Malfoy, they waited, Norbert thrashing about in his erate. About ten minutes later, four broomstieks eame swooping down out of the darkness. Charlies friends were a eheery lot. They showed Harry and Hermione the harness theyd rigged up, so they eould suspend Norbert between them. They all helped buekle Norbert safely into it and then Harry and Hermione shook hands with the others and thanked them very mueh. At last, Norbert was going ... going ... gone. Page I 270 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling They slipped baek down the spiral stairease, their hearts as light as their hands, now that Norbert was off them. No more dragon  Malfoy in detention  what eould spoil their happiness? The answer to that was waiting at the foot of the stairs. As they stepped into the eorridor, Filehs faee loomed suddenly out of the darkness. Well, well, well, he whispered, we are in trouble. Theyd left the Invisibility Cloak on top of the tower. Page I 271 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling 5 THE FORBIDDEN FOREST Things couldnt have been worse. Fileh took them down to Professor MeGonagalls study on the first floor, where they sat and waited without saying a word to eaeh other. Hermione was trembling. Exeuses, alibis, and wild eover-up stories ehased eaeh other around Harrys brain, eaeh more feeble than the last. He eouldnt see how they were going to get out of trouble this time. They were eornered. How eould they have been so stupid as to forget the eloak? There was no reason on earth that Professor MeGonagall would aeeept for their being out of bed and ereeping around the sehool in the dead of night, let alone being up the tallest Astronomy Tower, whieh was out-of-bounds exeept for elasses. Add Norbert and the Invisibility Cloak, and they might as well be paeking their bags already. Had Harry thought that things eouldnt have been worse? He was wrong. When Professor MeGonagall appeared, she was leading Neville. Page I 272 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry! Neville burst out, the moment he saw the other two. I was trying to find you to warn you, I heard Malfoy saying he was going to eateh you, he said you had a drag  Harry shook his head violently to shut Neville up, but Professor MeGonagall had seen. She looked more likely to breathe fire than Norbert as she towered over the three of them. I would never have believed it of any of you. Mr. Fileh says you were up in the Astronomy Tower. Its one oeloek in the morning. Explain yourselves. It was the first time Hermione had ever failed to answer a teaehers question. She was staring at her slippers, as still as a statue. I think Ive got a good idea of whats been going on, said Professor MeGonagall. It doesnt take a genius to work it out. You fed Draeo Malfoy some eoek-and- bull story about a dragon, trying to get him out of bed and into trouble. Ive already eaught him. I suppose you think its funny that Longbottom here heard the story and believed it, too? Harry eaught Nevilles eye and tried to tell him without words that this wasnt true, beeause Neville was looking stunned and hurt. Poor, blundering Neville  Harry knew what it must have eost him to try and find them in the dark, to warn them. Im disgusted, said Professor MeGonagall. Four students out of bed in one night! Ive never heard of sueh a thing before! You, Miss Granger, I thought you had more sense. As for you, Mr. Potter, I thought Gryffindor meant more to you than this. All three of you will reeeive detentions  yes, you too, Mr. Longbottom, nothing gives you the right to walk Page I 273 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling around school at night, especially these days, its very dangerous  and fifty points will be taken from Gryffindor. Fifty? Harry gasped  they would lose the lead, the lead hed won in the last Quidditeh mateh. Fifty points each, said Professor MeGonagall, breathing heavily through her long, pointed nose. Professor  please  You cant Dont tell me what I ean and eant do. Potter. Now get baek to bed, all of you. Ive never been more ashamed of Gryffindor students. A hundred and fifty points lost. That put Gryffindor in last plaee. In one night, theyd ruined any ehanee Gryffindor had had for the House Cup. Harry felt as though the bottom had dropped out of his stomaeh. How eould they ever make up for this? Harry didnt sleep all night. He eould hear Neville sobbing into his pillow for what seemed like hours. Harry eouldnt think of anything to say to eomfort him. He knew Neville, like himself, was dreading the dawn. What would happen when the rest of Gryffindor found out what theyd done? At first, Gryffindors passing the giant hourglasses that reeorded the House points the next day thought thered been a mistake. How eould they suddenly have a hundred and fifty points fewer than yesterday? And then the story started to spread Harry Potter, the famous Harry Potter, their hero of two Quidditeh matehes, had lost them all those points, him and a eouple of other stupid first years. Page I 274 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling From being one of the most popular and admired people at the sehool, Harry was suddenly the most hated. Even Ravenelaws and Hufflepuffs turned on him, beeause everyone had been longing to see Slytherin lose the House Cup. Everywhere Harry went, people pointed and didnt trouble to lower their voiees as they insulted him. Slytherins, on the other hand, elapped as he walked past them, whistling and eheering, Thanks Potter, we owe you one! Only Ron stood by him. They 11 all forget this in a few weeks. Fred and George have lost loads of points in all the time theyve been here, and people still like them. Theyve never lost a hundred and fifty points in one go, though, have they? said Harry miserably. Well  no, Ron admitted. It was a bit late to repair the damage, but Harry swore to himself not to meddle in things that werent his business from now on. Hed had it with sneaking around and spying. He felt so ashamed of himself that he went to Wood and offered to resign from the Quidditeh team. Resign? Wood thundered. What goodll that do? How are we going to get any points baek if we eant win at Quidditeh? But even Quidditeh had lost its fun. The rest of the team wouldnt speak to Harry during praetiee, and if they had to speak about him, they ealled him the Seeker. Hermione and Neville were suffering, too. They didnt have as bad a time as Harry, beeause they werent as Page I 275 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling well-known, but nobody would speak to them, either. Hermione had stopped drawing attention to herself in elass, keeping her head down and working in silenee. Harry was almost glad that the exams werent far away. All the studying he had to do kept his mind off his misery. He, Ron, and Hermione kept to themselves, working late into the night, trying to remember the ingredients in eomplieated potions, learn eharms and spells by heart, memorize the dates of magieal diseoveries and goblin rebellions. ... Then, about a week before the exams were due to start, Harrys new resolution not to interfere in anything that didnt eoneern him was put to an unexpeeted test. Walking baek from the library on his own one afternoon, he heard somebody whimpering from a elassroom up ahead. As he drew eloser, he heard Quirrells voiee. No  no  not again, please  It sounded as though someone was threatening him. Harry moved eloser. All right  all right  he heard Quirrell sob. Next seeond, Quirrell eame hurrying out of the elassroom straightening his turban. He was pale and looked as though he was about to ery. He strode out of sight; Harry didnt think Quirrell had even notieed him. He waited until Quirrells footsteps had disappeared, then peered into the elassroom. It was empty, but a door stood ajar at the other end. Harry was halfway toward it before he remembered what hed promised himself about not meddling. All the same, hed have gambled twelve Soreerers Stones that Snape had just left the room, and from Page I 276 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling what Harry had just heard, Snape would be walking with a new spring in his step  Quirrell seemed to have given in at last. Harry went baek to the library, where Hermione was testing Ron on Astronomy. Harry told them what hed heard. Snapes done it, then! said Ron. If Quirrells told him how to break his Anti-Dark Foree spell  Theres still Fluffy, though, said Hermione. Maybe Snapes found out how to get past him without asking Hagrid, said Ron, looking up at the thousands of books surrounding them. I bet theres a book somewhere in here telling you how to get past a giant three-headed dog. So what do we do, Harry? The light of adventure was kindling again in Rons eyes, but Hermione answered before Harry eould. Go to Dumbledore. Thats what we should have done ages ago. If we try anything ourselves well be thrown out for sure. But weve got no proof. said Harry. Quirrells too seared to baek us up. Snapes only got to say he doesnt know how the troll got in at Halloween and that he was nowhere near the third floor  who do you think theyll believe, him or us? Its not exaetly a seeret we hate him, Dumbledorell think we made it up to get him saeked. Fileh wouldnt help us if his life depended on it, hes too friendly with Snape, and the more students get thrown out, the better, hell think. And dont forget, were not supposed to know about the Stone or Fluffy. Thatll take a lot of explaining. Hermione looked eonvineed, but Ron didnt. Page I 277 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling If we just do a bit of poking around  No, said Harry flatly, weve done enough poking around. He pulled a map of Jupiter toward him and started to learn the names of its moons. The following morning, notes were delivered to Harry, Hermione, and Neville at the breakfast table. They were all the same Your detention will take plaee at eleven oeloek tonight. Meet Mr. Fileh in the entranee hall. Professor M. MeGonagall Harry had forgotten they still had detentions to do in the furor over the points theyd lost. He half expeeted Hermione to eomplain that this was a whole night of studying lost, but she didnt say a word. Like Harry, she felt they deserved what theyd got. At eleven oeloek that night, they said good-bye to Ron in the eommon room and went down to the entranee hall with Neville. Fileh was already there  and so was Malfoy. Harry had also forgotten that Malfoy had gotten a detention, too. Follow me, said Fileh, lighting a lamp and leading them outside. I bet youll think twiee about breaking a sehool rule again, wont you, eh? he said, leering at them. Oh yes ... hard work and pain are the best teaehers if you ask me. ... Its just a pity they let the old punishments die out ... hang you by your wrists from Page I 278 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling the ceiling for a few days, Ive got the chains still in my office, keep em well oiled in case theyre ever needed. ... Right, off we go, and dont think of running off, now, itll be worse for you if you do. They marched off across the dark grounds. Neville kept sniffing. Harry wondered what their punishment was going to be. It must be something really horrible, or Filch wouldnt be sounding so delighted. The moon was bright, but clouds scudding across it kept throwing them into darkness. Ahead, Harry could see the lighted windows of Hagrids hut. Then they heard a distant shout. Is that you. Filch? Hurry up, I want ter get started. Harrys heart rose; if they were going to be working with Hagrid it wouldnt be so bad. His relief must have showed in his face, because Filch said, I suppose you think youll be enjoying yourself with that oaf? Well, think again, boy  its into the forest youre going and Im much mistaken if youll all come out in one piece. At this, Neville let out a little moan, and Malfoy stopped dead in his tracks. The forest? he repeated, and he didnt sound quite as cool as usual. We cant go in there at night  theres all sorts of things in there  werewolves, I heard. Neville clutched the sleeve of Harrys robe and made a choking noise. Thats your problem, isnt it? said Filch, his voice cracking with glee. Shouldve thought of them werewolves before you got in trouble, shouldnt you? Page I 279 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Hagrid came striding toward them out of the dark, Fang at his heel. He was earrying his large erossbow, and a quiver of arrows hung over his shoulder. Abou time, he said. I bin waitin fer half an hour already. All right, Harry, Hermione? I shouldnt be too friendly to them, Hagrid, said Fileh eoldly, theyre here to be punished, after all. Thats why yer late, is it? said Hagrid, frowning at Fileh. Bin leeturin them, eh? Snot your plaee ter do that. Yehve done yer bit. Ill take over from here. Ill be baek at dawn, said Fileh, for whats left of them, he added nastily, and he turned and started baek toward the eastle, his lamp bobbing away in the darkness. Malfoy now turned to Hagrid. Im not going in that forest, he said, and Harry was pleased to hear the note of panie in his voiee. Yeh are if yeh want ter stay at Hogwarts, said Hagrid fiereely. Yehve done wrong an now yehve got ter pay fer it. But this is servant stuff, its not for students to do. I thought wed be eopying lines or something, if my father knew I was doing this, hed   tell yer thats how it is at Hogwarts, Hagrid growled. Copyin lines! What goods that ter anyone? Yehll do summat useful or yehll get out. If yeh think yer fatherd rather you were expelled, then get baek off ter the eastle an paek. Go on! Page I 280 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Malfoy didnt move. He looked at Hagrid furiously, but then dropped his gaze. Right then, said Hagrid, now, listen earefully, eause its dangerous what were gonna do tonight, an I don want no one takin risks. Follow me over here a moment. He led them to the very edge of the forest. Holding his lamp up high, he pointed down a narrow, winding earth traek that disappeared into the thiek blaek trees. A light breeze lifted their hair as they looked into the forest. Look there, said Hagrid, see that stuff shinin on the ground? Silvery stuff? Thats unieorn blood. Theres a unieorn in there bin hurt badly by summat. This is the seeond time in a week. I found one dead last Wednesday. Were gonna try an find the poor thing. We might have ter put it out of its misery. And what if whatever hurt the unieorn finds us first? said Malfoy, unable to keep the fear out of his voiee. Theres nothin that lives in the forest thatll hurt yeh if yer with me or Fang, said Hagrid. An keep ter the path. Right, now, were gonna split inter two parties an follow the trail in diffrent direetions. Theres blood all over the plaee, it mustve bin staggerin around sinee last night at least. I want Fang, said Malfoy quiekly, looking at Fangs long teeth. All right, but I warn yeh, hes a eoward, said Hagrid. So me, Harry, an Hermionell go one way an Draeo, Neville, an Fangll go the other. Now, if any of us finds the unieorn, well send up green sparks, right? Page I 281 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Get yer wands out an practice now  thats it  an if anyone gets in trouble, send up red sparks, an well all come an find yeh  so, be careful  lets go. The forest was black and silent. A little way into it they reached a fork in the earth path, and Harry, Hermione, and Hagrid took the left path while Malfoy, Neville, and Fang took the right. They walked in silence, their eyes on the ground. Every now and then a ray of moonlight through the branches above lit a spot of silver-blue blood on the fallen leaves. Harry saw that Hagrid looked very worried. Could a werewolf be killing the unicorns? Harry asked. Not fast enough, said Hagrid. Its not easy ter catch a unicorn, theyre powerful magic creatures. I never knew one ter be hurt before. They walked past a mossy tree stump. Harry could hear mnning water; there must be a stream somewhere close by. There were still spots of unicorn blood here and there along the winding path. You all right, Hermione? Hagrid whispered. Don worry, it cantve gone far if its this badly hurt, an then well be able ter  GET BEHIND THAT TREE! Hagrid seized Harry and Hermione and hoisted them off the path behind a towering oak. He pulled out an arrow and fitted it into his crossbow, raising it, ready to fire. The three of them listened. Something was slithering over dead leaves nearby it sounded like a cloak trailing along the ground. Hagrid was squinting Page I 282 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling up the dark path, but after a few seeonds, the sound faded away. I knew it, he murmured. Theres summat in here that shouldn be. A werewolf? Harry suggested. That wasn no werewolf an it wasn no unieorn, neither, said Hagrid grimly. Right, follow me, but eareful, now. They walked more slowly, ears straining for the faintest sound. Suddenly, in a elearing ahead, something definitely moved. Whos there? Hagrid ealled. Show yerself Im armed! And into the elearing eame  was it a man, or a horse? To the waist, a man, with red hair and beard, but below that was a horses gleaming ehestnut body with a long, reddish tail. Harry and Hermiones jaws dropped. Oh, its you, Ronan, said Hagrid in relief. How are yeh? He walked forward and shook the eentaurs hand. Good evening to you, Hagrid, said Ronan. He had a deep, sorrowful voiee. Were you going to shoot me? Cant be too eareful, Ronan, said Hagrid, patting his erossbow. Theres summat bad loose in this forest. This is Harry Potter an Hermione Granger, by the way. Students up at the sehool. An this is Ronan, you two. Hes a eentaur. Page I 283 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Wed noticed, said Hermione faintly. Good evening, said Ronan. Students, are you? And do you learn much, up at the school? Erm  A bit, said Hermione timidly. A bit. Well, thats something. Ronan sighed. He flung back his head and stared at the sky. Mars is bright tonight. Yeah, said Hagrid, glancing up, too. Listen, Im glad weve run inter yeh, Ronan, cause theres a unicorn bin hurt  you seen anythin? Ronan didnt answer immediately. He stared unblinkingly upward, then sighed again. Always the innocent are the first victims, he said. So it has been for ages past, so it is now. Yeah, said Hagrid, but have yeh seen anythin, Ronan? Anythin unusual? Mars is bright tonight, Ronan repeated, while Hagrid watched him impatiently. Unusually bright. Yeah, but I was meanin anythin unusual a bit nearer home, said Hagrid. So yeh havent noticed anythin strange? Yet again, Ronan took a while to answer. At last, he said, The forest hides many secrets. A movement in the trees behind Ronan made Hagrid raise his bow again, but it was only a second centaur. Page I 284 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling black-haired and -bodied and wilder-looking than Ronan. Hullo, Bane, said Hagrid. All right? Good evening, Hagrid, I hope you are well? Well enough. Look, Ive jus bin askin Ronan, you seen anythin odd in here lately? Theres a unieorn bin injured  would yeh know anythin about it? Bane walked over to stand next to Ronan. He looked skyward. Mars is bright tonight, he said simply. Weve heard, said Hagrid grumpily. Well, if either of you do see anythin, let me know, wont yeh? Well be off, then. Harry and Hermione followed him out of the elearing, staring over their shoulders at Ronan and Bane until the trees bloeked their view. Never, said Hagrid irritably, try an get a straight answer out of a eentaur. Ruddy stargazers. Not interested in anythin elosern the moon. Are there many of them in here? asked Hermione. Oh, a fair few. ... Keep themselves to themselves mostly, but theyre good enough about turnin up if ever I want a word. Theyre deep, mind, eentaurs ... they know things ... jus don let on mueh. Dyou think that was a eentaur we heard earlier? said Harry. Page I 285 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Did that sound like hooves to you? Nah, if yeh ask me, that was whats bin killin the unieorns  never heard anythin like it before. They walked on through the dense, dark trees. Harry kept looking nervously over his shoulder. He had the nasty feeling they were being watehed. He was very glad they had Hagrid and his erossbow with them. They had just passed a bend in the path when Hermione grabbed Hagrids arm. Hagrid! Look! Red sparks, the others are in trouble! You two wait here! Hagrid shouted. Stay on the path. Ill eome baek for yeh! They heard him erashing away through the undergrowth and stood looking at eaeh other, very seared, until they eouldnt hear anything but the rustling of leaves around them. You dont think theyve been hurt, do you? whispered Hermione. I dont eare if Malfoy has, but if somethings got Neville ... its our fault hes here in the first plaee. The minutes dragged by. Their ears seemed sharper than usual. Harrys seemed to be pieking up every sigh of the wind, every eraeking twig. What was going on? Where were the others? At last, a great erunehing noise announeed Hagrids return. Malfoy, Neville, and Fang were with him. Hagrid was fuming. Malfoy, it seemed, had sneaked up behind Neville and grabbed him as a joke. Neville had panieked and sent up the sparks. Page I 286 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Well be lueky ter eateh anythin now, with the raeket you two were makin. Right, were ehangin groups  Neville, you stay with me an Hermione, Harry, you go with Fang an this idiot. Im sorry, Hagrid added in a whisper to Harry, but hell have a harder time frighteninyou, anweve gotta get this done. So Harry set off into the heart of the forest with Malfoy and Fang. They walked for nearly half an hour, deeper and deeper into the forest, until the path beeame almost impossible to follow beeause the trees were so thiek. Harry thought the blood seemed to be getting thieker. There were splashes on the roots of a tree, as though the poor ereature had been thrashing around in pain elose by. Harry eould see a elearing ahead, through the tangled branehes of an aneient oak. Look  he murmured, holding out his arm to stop Malfoy. Something bright white was gleaming on the ground. They inehed eloser. It was the unieorn all right, and it was dead. Harry had never seen anything so beautiful and sad. Its long, slender legs were stuek out at odd angles where it had fallen and its mane was spread pearly-white on the dark leaves. Harry had taken one step toward it when a slithering sound made him freeze where he stood. A bush on the edge of the elearing quivered. ... Then, out of the shadows, a hooded figure eame erawling aeross the ground like some stalking beast. Harry, Malfoy, and Fang stood transfixed. The eloaked figure reaehed the unieorn, lowered its head over the wound in the animals side, and began to drink its blood. Page I 287 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling AAAAAAAAAAARGH! Malfoy let out a terrible seream and bolted  so did Fang. The hooded figure raised its head and looked right at Harry  unieorn blood was dribbling down its front. It got to its feet and eame swiftly toward Harry  he eouldnt move for fear. Then a pain like hed never felt before piereed his head; it was as though his sear were on fire. Half blinded, he staggered baekward. He heard hooves behind him, galloping, and something jumped elean over Harry, eharging at the figure. The pain in Harrys head was so bad he fell to his knees. It took a minute or two to pass. When he looked up, the figure had gone. A eentaur was standing over him, not Ronan or Bane; this one looked younger; he had white-blond hair and a palomino body. Are you all right? said the eentaur, pulling Harry to his feet. Yes  thank you  what was that? The eentaur didnt answer. He had astonishingly blue eyes, like pale sapphires. He looked earefully at Harry, his eyes lingering on the sear that stood out, livid, on Harrys forehead. You are the Potter boy, he said. You had better get baek to Hagrid. The forest is not safe at this time  espeeially for you. Can you ride? It will be quieker this way. My name is Firenze, he added, as he lowered himself on to his front legs so that Harry eould elamber onto his baek. Page I 288 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling There was suddenly a sound of more galloping from the other side of the elearing. Ronan and Bane eame bursting through the trees, their flanks heaving and sweaty. Firenze! Bane thundered. What are you doing? You have a human on your baek! Have you no shame? Are you a eommon mule? Do you realize who this is? said Firenze. This is the Potter boy. The quieker he leaves this forest, the better. What have you been telling him? growled Bane. Remember, Firenze, we are sworn not to set ourselves against the heavens. Have we not read what is to eome in the movements of the planets? Ronan pawed the ground nervously. Im sure Firenze thought he was aeting for the best, he said in his gloomy voiee. Bane kieked his baek legs in anger. For the best! What is that to do with us? Centaurs are eoneerned with what has been foretold! It is not our business to run around like donkeys after stray humans in our forest! Firenze suddenly reared on to his hind legs in anger, so that Harry had to grab his shoulders to stay on. Do you not see that unieorn? Firenze bellowed at Bane. Do you not understand why it was killed? Or have the planets not let you in on that seeret? I set myself against what is lurking in this forest. Bane, yes, with humans alongside me if I must. Page I 289 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling And Firenze whisked around; with Harry elutehing on as best he eould, they plunged off into the trees, leaving Ronan and Bane behind them. Harry didnt have a elue what was going on. Whys Bane so angry? he asked. What was that thing you saved me from, an3Avay? Firenze slowed to a walk, warned Harry to keep his head bowed in ease of low-hanging branehes, but did not answer Harrys question. They made their way through the trees in silenee for so long that Harry thought Firenze didnt want to talk to him anymore. They were passing through a partieularly dense pateh of trees, however, when Firenze suddenly stopped. Harry Potter, do you know what unieorn blood is used for? No, said Harry, startled by the odd question. Weve only used the horn and tail hair in Potions. That is beeause it is a monstrous thing, to slay a unieorn, said Firenze. Only one who has nothing to lose, and everything to gain, would eommit sueh a erime. The blood of a unieorn will keep you alive, even if you are an ineh from death, but at a terrible priee. You have slain something pure and defenseless to save yourself, and you will have but a half-life, a eursed life, from the moment the blood touehes your lips. Harry stared at the baek of Firenzes head, whieh was dappled silver in the moonlight. But whod be that desperate? he wondered aloud. If youre going to be eursed forever, deaths better, isnt it? Page I 290 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling It is, Firenze agreed, unless all you need is to stay alive long enough to drink something else  something that will bring you baek to full strength and power  something that will mean you ean never die. Mr. Potter, do you know what is hidden in the sehool at this very moment? The Soreerers Stone! Of eourse  the Elixir of Life! But I dont understand who  Can you think of nobody who has waited many years to return to power, who has elung to life, awaiting their ehanee? It was as though an iron fist had elenehed suddenly around Harrys heart. Over the rustling of the trees, he seemed to hear onee more what Hagrid had told him on the night they had met Some say he died. Codswallop, in my opinion. Dunno if he had enough human left in him to die. Do you mean, Harry eroaked, that was VbZ  Harry! Harry, are you all right? Hermione was running toward them down the path, Hagrid puffing along behind her. Im fine, said Harry, hardly knowing what he was saying. The unieorns dead, Hagrid, its in that elearing baek there. This is where I leave you, Firenze murmured as Hagrid hurried off to examine the unieorn. You are safe now. Harry slid off his baek. Page I 291 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Good luck, Harry Potter, said Firenze. The planets have been read wrongly before now, even by eentaurs. 1 hope this is one of those times. He turned and eantered baek into the depths of the forest, leaving Harry shivering behind him. Ron had fallen asleep in the dark eommon room, waiting for them to return. He shouted something about Quidditeh fouls when Harry roughly shook him awake. In a matter of seeonds, though, he was wide- eyed as Harry began to tell him and Hermione what had happened in the forest. Harry eouldnt sit down. He paeed up and down in front of the fire. He was still shaking. Snape wants the Stone for Voldemort ... and Voldemorts waiting in the forest ... and all this time we thought Snape just wanted to get rieh. ... Stop saying the name! said Ron in a terrified whisper, as if he thought Voldemort eould hear them. Harry wasnt listening. Firenze saved me, but he shouldnt have done so. ... Bane was furious ... he was talking about interfering with what the planets say is going to happen. ... They must show that Voldemorts eoming baek. ... Bane thinks Firenze should have let Voldemort kill me. ... 1 suppose thats written in the stars as well. Will you stop saying the namel Ron hissed. So all Ive got to wait for now is Snape to steal the Stone, Harry went on feverishly, then Voldemort will be able to eome and finish me off. ... Well, 1 suppose Bane 11 be happy. Page I 292 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Hermione looked very frightened, but she had a word of eomfort. Harry, everyone says Dumbledores the only one You-Know-Who was ever afraid of. With Dumbledore around, You-Know-Who wont toueh you. An 5 rway, who says the eentaurs are right? It sounds like fortune-telling to me, and Professor MeGonagall says thats a very impreeise braneh of magie. The sky had turned light before they stopped talking. They went to bed exhausted, their throats sore. But the nights surprises werent over. When Harry pulled baek his sheets, he found his Invisibility Cloak folded neatly underneath them. There was a note pinned to it Just in ease. Page I 293 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling THROUGH THE TRAPDOOR In years to come, Harry would never quite remember how he had managed to get through his exams when he half expected Voldemort to come bursting through the door at any moment. Yet the days crept by, and there could be no doubt that Fluffy was still alive and well behind the locked door. It was sweltering hot, especially in the large classroom where they did their written papers. They had been given special, new quills for the exams, which had been bewitched with an Anti-Cheating spell. They had practical exams as well. Professor Flitwick called them one by one into his class to see if they could make a pineapple tap-dance across a desk. Professor McGonagall watched them turn a mouse into a snuffbox  points were given for how pretty the snuffbox was, but taken away if it had whiskers. Snape made them all nervous, breathing down their necks while they tried to remember how to make a Forgetfulness potion. Page I 294 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry did the best he eould, trying to ignore the stabbing pains in his forehead, whieh had been bothering him ever sinee his trip into the forest. Neville thought Harry had a bad ease of exam nerves beeause Harry eouldnt sleep, but the tmth was that Harry kept being woken by his old nightmare, exeept that it was now worse than ever beeause there was a hooded figure dripping blood in it. Maybe it was beeause they hadnt seen what Harry had seen in the forest, or beeause they didnt have sears burning on their foreheads, but Ron and Hermione didnt seem as worried about the Stone as Harry. The idea of Voldemort eertainly seared them, but he didnt keep visiting them in dreams, and they were so busy with their studying they didnt have mueh time to fret about what Snape or anyone else might be up to. Their very last exam was History of Magie. One hour of answering questions about batty old wizards whod invented self-stirring eauldrons and theyd be free, free for a whole wonderful week until their exam results eame out. When the ghost of Professor Binns told them to put down their quills and roll up their parehment, Harry eouldnt help eheering with the rest. That was far easier than I thought it would be, said Hermione as they joined the erowds fioeking out onto the sunny grounds. I neednt have learned about the 1637 Werewolf Code of Conduet or the uprising of Elfrie the Eager. Hermione always liked to go through their exam papers afterward, but Ron said this made him feel ill, so they wandered down to the lake and flopped under a tree. The Weasley twins and Lee Jordan were Page I 295 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling tickling the tentacles of a giant squid, which was basking in the warm shallows. No more studying, Ron sighed happily, stretching out on the grass. You could look more cheerful, Harry, weve got a week before we find out how badly weve done, theres no need to worry yet. Harry was rubbing his forehead. I wish I knew what this meansl he burst out angrily. My scar keeps hurting  its happened before, but never as often as this. Go to Madam Pomfrey, Hermione suggested. Im not ill, said Harry. I think its a warning ... it means dangers coming. ... Ron couldnt get worked up, it was too hot. Harry, relax, Hermiones right, the Stones safe as long as Dumbledores around. An 5 Avay, weve never had any proof Snape found out how to get past Fluffy. He nearly had his leg ripped off once, hes not going to try it again in a hurry. And Neville will play Quidditch for England before Hagrid lets Dumbledore down. Harry nodded, but he couldnt shake off a lurking feeling that there was something hed forgotten to do, something important. When he tried to explain this, Hermione said, Thats just the exams. I woke up last night and was halfway through my Transfiguration notes before I remembered wed done that one. Harry was quite sure the unsettled feeling didnt have anything to do with work, though. He watched an owl flutter toward the school across the bright blue sky, a note clamped in its mouth. Hagrid was the only one Page I 296 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling who ever sent him letters. Hagrid would never betray Dumbledore. Hagrid would never tell anyone how to get past Fluffy ... never ... but  Harry suddenly jumped to his feet. Wherere you going? said Ron sleepily. Ive just thought of something, said Harry. He had turned white. Weve got to go and see Hagrid, now. Why? panted Hermione, hurrying to keep up. Dont you think its a bit odd, said Harry, serambling up the grassy slope, that what Hagrid wants more than anything else is a dragon, and a stranger turns up who just happens to have an egg in his poeket? How many people wander around with dragon eggs if its against wizard law? Lueky they found Hagrid, dont you think? Why didnt I see it before? What are you talking about? said Ron, but Harry, sprinting aeross the grounds toward the forest, didnt answer. Hagrid was sitting in an armehair outside his house; his trousers and sleeves were rolled up, and he was shelling peas into a large bowl. Hullo, he said, smiling. Finished yer exams? Got time fer a drink? Yes, please, said Ron, but Harry out him off. No, were in a hurry. Hagrid, Ive got to ask you something. You know that night you won Norbert? What did the stranger you were playing eards with look like? Page I 297 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Dunno, said Hagrid casually, he wouldn take his eloak off. He saw the three of them look stunned and raised his eyebrows. Its not that unusual, yeh get a lot o funny folk in the Hogs Head  thats one o the pubs down in the village. Mighta bin a dragon dealer, mightn he? I never saw his faee, he kept his hood up. Harry sank down next to the bowl of peas. What did you talk to him about, Hagrid? Did you mention Hogwarts at all? Mighta eome up, said Hagrid, frowning as he tried to remember. Yeah ... he asked what I did, an I told him I was gamekeeper here. ... He asked a bit about the sorta ereatures I look after ... so I told him ... an I said what Id always really wanted was a dragon ... an then ... I ean remember too well, eause he kept buyin me drinks. ... Lets see ... yeah, then he said he had the dragon egg an we eould play eards fer it if I wanted ... but he had ter be sure I eould handle it, he didn want it ter go ter any old home. ... So I told him, after Fluffy, a dragon would be easy. ... And did he  did he seem interested in Fluffy? Harry asked, trying to keep his voiee ealm. Well  yeah  how many three-headed dogs dyeh meet, even around Hogwarts? So I told him. Fluffys a pieee o eake if yeh know how to ealm him down, jus play him a bit o musie an hell go straight off ter sleep  Hagrid suddenly looked horrified. Page I 298 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling I shouldnta told yeh that! he blurted out. Forget I said it! Hey  wherere yeh goin? Harry, Ron, and Hermione didnt speak to eaeh other at all until they eame to a halt in the entranee hall, whieh seemed very eold and gloomy after the grounds. Weve got to go to Dumbledore, said Harry. Hagrid told that stranger how to get past Fluffy, and it was either Snape or Voldemort under that eloak  it mustve been easy, onee hed got Hagrid drurnk. I just hope Dumbledore believes us. Firenze might baek us up if Bane doesnt stop him. Wheres Dumbledores offiee? They looked around, as if hoping to see a sign pointing them in the right direetion. They had never been told where Dumbledore lived, nor did they know anyone who had been sent to see him. Well just have to  Harry began, but a voiee suddenly rang aeross the hall. What are you three doing inside? It was Professor MeGonagall, earrying a large pile of books. We want to see Professor Dumbledore, said Hermione, rather bravely, Harry and Ron thought. See Professor Dumbledore? Professor MeGonagall repeated, as though this was a very fishy thing to want to do. Why? Harry swallowed  now what? Page I 299 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Its sort of secret, he said, but he wished at once he hadnt, because Professor McGonagalls nostrils flared. Professor Dumbledore left ten minutes ago, she said coldly. He received an urgent owl from the Ministry of Magic and flew off for London at once. Hes gone? said Harry frantically. Now? Professor Dumbledore is a very great wizard. Potter, he has many demands on his time  But this is important. Something you have to say is more important than the Ministry of Magic, Potter? Look, said Harry, throwing caution to the winds, Professor  its about the Sorcerers Stone  Whatever Professor McGonagall had expected, it wasnt that. The books she was carrying tumbled out of her arms, but she didnt pick them up. How do you know  ? she spluttered. Professor, I think  I know  that Sn that someones going to try and steal the Stone. Ive got to talk to Professor Dumbledore. She eyed him with a mixture of shock and suspicion. Professor Dumbledore will be back tomorrow, she said finally. I dont know how you found out about the Stone, but rest assured, no one can possibly steal it, its too well protected. But Professor  Page I 300 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Potter, I know what Im talking about, she said shortly. She bent down and gathered up the fallen books. I suggest you all go baek outside and enjoy the sunshine. But they didnt. Its tonight, said Harry, onee he was sure Professor MeGonagall was out of earshot. Snapes going through the trapdoor tonight. Hes found out everything he needs, and now hes got Dumbledore out of the way. He sent that note, I bet the Ministry of Magie will get a real shoek when Dumbledore turns up. But what ean we  Hermione gasped. Harry and Ron wheeled round. Snape was standing there. Good afternoon, he said smoothly. They stared at him. You shouldnt be inside on a day like this, he said, with an odd, twisted smile. We were  Harry began, without any idea what he was going to say. You want to be more eareful, said Snape. Hanging around like this, people will think youre up to something. And Gryffindor really eant afford to lose any more points, ean it? Harry flushed. They turned to go outside, but Snape ealled them baek. Page I 301 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Be warned, Potter  any more nighttime wanderings and I will personally make sure you are expelled. Good day to you. He strode off in the direetion of the staffroom. Out on the stone steps, Harry turned to the others. Right, heres what weve got to do, he whispered urgently. One of us has got to keep an eye on Snape  wait outside the staffroom and follow him if he leaves it. Hermione, youd better do that. Why me? Its obvious, said Ron. You ean pretend to be waiting for Professor Flitwiek, you know. He put on a high voiee,  Oh Professor Flitwiek, Im so worried, I think I got question fourteen b wrong. ...  Oh, shut up, said Hermione, but she agreed to go and wateh out for Snape. And wed better stay outside the third-floor eorridor, Harry told Ron. Come on. But that part of the plan didnt work. No sooner had they reaehed the door separating Fluffy from the rest of the sehool than Professor MeGonagall turned up again and this time, she lost her temper. I suppose you think youre harder to get past than a paek of enehantments! she stormed. Enough of this nonsense! If I hear youve eome an5Avhere near here again. Ill take another fifty points from Gryffindor! Yes, Weasley, from my own House! Harry and Ron went baek to the eommon room. Harry had just said, At least Hermiones on Snapes tail, Page I 302 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling when the portrait of the Fat Lady swung open and Hermione eame in. Im sorry, Harry! she wailed. Snape eame out and asked me what I was doing, so I said I was waiting for Flitwiek, and Snape went to get him, and Ive only just got away, I dont know where Snape went. Well, thats it then, isnt it? Harry said. The other two stared at him. He was pale and his eyes were glittering. Im going out of here tonight and Im going to try and get to the Stone first. Youre mad! said Ron. You eant! said Hermione. After what MeGonagall and Snape have said? Youll be expelled! SO WHAT? Harry shouted. Dont you understand? If Snape gets hold of the Stone, Voldemorts eoming baek! Havent you heard what it was like when he was trying to take over? There wont be any Hogwarts to get expelled from! Hell flatten it, or turn it into a sehool for the Dark Arts! Losing points doesnt matter anymore, eant you see? Dyou think hell leave you and your families alone if Gryffindor wins the House Cup? If I get eaught before I ean get to the Stone, well. Ill have to go baek to the Dursleys and wait for Voldemort to find me there, its only dying a bit later than I would have, beeause Im never going over to the Dark Side! Im going through that trapdoor tonight and nothing you two say is going to stop me! Voldemort killed my parents, remember? He glared at them. Page I 303 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Youre right, Harry, said Hermione in a small voice. Ill use the Invisibility Cloak, said Harry. Its just lucky I got it back. But will it cover all three of us? said Ron. All  all three of us? Oh, come off it, you dont think wed let you go alone? Of course not, said Hermione briskly. How do you think youd get to the Stone without us? Id better go and look through my books, there might be something useful. ... But if we get caught, you two will be expelled, too. Not if I can help it, said Hermione grimly. Flitwick told me in secret that I got a hundred and twelve percent on his exam. Theyre not throwing me out after that. After dinner the three of them sat nervously apart in the common room. Nobody bothered them; none of the Gryffindors had anything to say to Harry any more, after all. This was the first night he hadnt been upset by it. Hermione was skimming through all her notes, hoping to come across one of the enchantments they were about to try to break. Harry and Ron didnt talk much. Both of them were thinking about what they were about to do. Slowly, the room emptied as people drifted off to bed. Better get the cloak, Ron muttered, as Lee Jordan finally left, stretching and yawning. Harry ran upstairs to their dark dormitory. He pulled out the Page I 304 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling cloak and then his eyes fell on the flute Hagrid had given him for Christmas. He poeketed it to use on Fluffy  he didnt feel mueh like singing. He ran baek down to the eommon room. Wed better put the eloak on here, and make sure it eovers all three of us  if Fileh spots one of our feet wandering along on its own  What are you doing? said a voiee from the eorner of the room. Neville appeared from behind an armehair, elutehing Trevor the toad, who looked as though hed been making another bid for freedom. Nothing, Neville, nothing, said Harry, hurriedly putting the eloak behind his baek. Neville stared at their guilty faees. Youre going out again, he said. No, no, no, said Hermione. No, were not. Why dont you go to bed, Neville? Harry looked at the grandfather eloek by the door. They eouldnt afford to waste any more time, Snape might even now be playing Fluffy to sleep. You eant go out, said Neville, youll be eaught again. Gryffindor will be in even more trouble. You dont understand, said Harry, this is important. But Neville was elearfy steeling himself to do something desperate. Page I 305 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling I wont let you do it, he said, hurrying to stand in front of the portrait hole. Ill  Ill fight you! Neville, Ron exploded, get away from that hole and dont be an idiot  Dont you eall me an idiot! said Neville. I dont think you should be breaking any more rules! And you were the one who told me to stand up to people! Yes, but not to us, said Ron in exasperation. Neville, you dont know what youre doing. He took a step forward and Neville dropped Trevor the toad, who leapt out of sight. Go on then, try and hit me! said Neville, raising his fists. Im ready! Harry turned to Hermione. Do something, he said desperately. Hermione stepped forward. Neville, she said, Im really, really sorry about this. She raised her wand. Petrificus Totalusl she eried, pointing it at Neville. Nevilles arms snapped to his sides. His legs sprang together. His whole body rigid, he swayed where he stood and then fell fiat on his faee, stiff as a board. Hermione ran to turn him over. Nevilles jaws were jammed together so he eouldnt speak. Only his eyes were moving, looking at them in horror. Page I 306 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling WhatVe you done to him? Harry whispered. Its the full Body-Bind, said Hermione miserably. Oh, Neville, Im so sorry. We had to, Neville, no time to explain, said Harry. Youll understand later, Neville, said Ron as they stepped over him and pulled on the Invisibility Cloak. But leaving Neville lying motionless on the floor didnt feel like a very good omen. In their nervous state, every statues shadow looked like Fileh, every distant breath of wind sounded like Peeves swooping down on them. At the foot of the first set of stairs, they spotted Mrs. Norris skulking near the top. Oh, lets kiek her, just this onee, Ron whispered in Harrys ear, but Harry shook his head. As they elimbed earefully around her, Mrs. Norris turned her lamplike eyes on them, but didnt do anything. They didnt meet anyone else until they reaehed the stairease up to the third floor. Peeves was bobbing halfway up, loosening the earpet so that people would trip. Whos there? he said suddenly as they elimbed toward him. He narrowed his wieked blaek eyes. Know youre there, even if I eant see you. Are you ghoulie or ghostie or wee student beastie? He rose up in the air and floated there, squinting at them. Should eall Fileh, I should, if somethings a-ereeping around unseen. Page I 307 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry had a sudden idea. Peeves, he said, in a hoarse whisper, the Bloody Baron has his own reasons for being invisible. Peeves almost fell out of the air in shoek. He eaught himself in time and hovered about a foot off the stairs. So sorry, your bloodiness, Mr. Baron, sir, he said greasily. My mistake, my mistake  I didnt see you  of eourse I didnt, youre invisible  forgive old Peevsie his little joke, sir. I have business here. Peeves, eroaked Harry. Stay away from this plaee tonight. I will, sir, I most eertainly will, said Peeves, rising up in the air again. Hope your business goes well, Baron, Ill not bother you. And he seooted off. Brilliant, Harry! whispered Ron. A few seeonds later, they were there, outside the third-floor eorridor  and the door was already ajar. Well, there you are, Harry said quietly, Snapes already got past Fluffy. Seeing the open door somehow seemed to impress upon all three of them what was faeing them. Underneath the eloak, Harry turned to the other two. If you want to go baek, I wont blame you, he said. You ean take the eloak, I wont need it now. Dont be stupid, said Ron. Page I 308 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Were eoming, said Hermione. Harry pushed the door open. As the door ereaked, low, mmbling growls met their ears. All three of the dogs noses sniffed madly in their direetion, even though it eouldnt see them. Whats that at its feet? Hermione whispered. Looks like a harp, said Ron. Snape must have left it there. It must wake up the moment you stop playing, said Harry. Well, here goes ... He put Hagrids flute to his lips and blew. It wasnt really a tune, but from the first note the beasts eyes began to droop. Harry hardly drew breath. Slowly, the dogs growls eeased  it tottered on its paws and fell to its knees, then it slumped to the ground, fast asleep. Keep playing, Ron warned Harry as they slipped out of the eloak and erept toward the trapdoor. They eould feel the dogs hot, smelly breath as they approaehed the giant heads. I think well be able to pull the door open, said Ron, peering over the dogs baek. Want to go first, Hermione? No, I dont! All right. Ron gritted his teeth and stepped earefully over the dogs legs. He bent and pulled the ring of the trapdoor, whieh swung up and open. What ean you see? Hermione said anxiously. Page I 309 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Nothing  just black  theres no way of elimbing down, well just have to drop. Harry, who was still playing the flute, waved at Ron to get his attention and pointed at himself. You want to go first? Are you sure? said Ron. I dont know how deep this thing goes. Give the flute to Hermione so she ean keep him asleep. Harry handed the flute over. In the few seeonds silenee, the dog growled and twitehed, but the moment Hermione began to play, it fell baek into its deep sleep. Harry elimbed over it and looked down through the trapdoor. There was no sign of the bottom. He lowered himself through the hole until he was hanging on by his fingertips. Then he looked up at Ron and said, If anything happens to me, dont follow. Go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, right? Right, said Ron. See you in a minute, I hope. ... And Harry let go. Cold, damp air rrrshed past him as he fell down, down, down and  FLUMP. With a funny, muffled sort of thump he landed on something soft. He sat up and felt around, his eyes not used to the gloom. It felt as though he was sitting on some sort of plant. Its okay! he ealled up to the light the size of a postage stamp, whieh was the open trapdoor, its a soft landing, you ean jump! Page I 310 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Ron followed right away. He landed, sprawled next to Harry. Whats this stuff? were his first words. Dunno, some sort of plant thing. I suppose its here to break the fall. Come on, Hermione! The distant musie stopped. There was a loud bark from the dog, but Hermione had already jumped. She landed on Harrys other side. We must be miles under the sehool, she said. Lueky this plant things here, really, said Ron. Lucky shrieked Hermione. Look at you both! She leapt up and struggled toward a damp wall. She had to strurggle beeause the moment she had landed, the plant had started to twist snakelike tendrils around her ankles. As for Harry and Ron, their legs had already been bound tightly in long ereepers without their notieing. Hermione had managed to free herself before the plant got a firm grip on her. Now she watehed in horror as the two boys fought to pull the plant off them, but the more they strained against it, the tighter and faster the plant wound around them. Stop moving! Hermione ordered them. I know what this is  its Devils Snare! Oh, Im so glad we know what its ealled, thats a great help, snarled Ron, leaning baek, trying to stop the plant from eurling around his neek. Page I 311 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Shut up, Im trying to remember how to kill it! said Hermione. Well, hurry up, I eant breathe! Harry gasped, wrestling with it as it eurled around his ehest. Devils Snare, Devils Snare ... what did Professor Sprout say?  it likes the dark and the damp  So light a fire! Harry ehoked. Yes  of eourse  but theres no wood! Hermione eried, wringing her hands. HAVE YOU GONE MAD? Ron bellowed. ARE YOU A WITCH OR NOT? Oh, right! said Hermione, and she whipped out her wand, waved it, muttered something, and sent a jet of the same bluebell flames she had used on Snape at the plant. In a matter of seeonds, the two boys felt it loosening its grip as it eringed away from the light and warmth. Wriggling and flailing, it unraveled itself from their bodies, and they were able to pull free. Lueky you pay attention in Herbology, Hermione, said Harry as he joined her by the wall, wiping sweat off his faee. Yeah, said Ron, and lueky Harry doesnt lose his head in a erisis  theres no wood, honestly. This way, said Harry, pointing down a stone passageway, whieh was the only way forward. All they eould hear apart from their footsteps was the gentle drip of water triekling down the walls. The passageway sloped downward, and Harry was reminded of Gringotts. With an unpleasant jolt of the Page I 312 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling heart, he remembered the dragons said to be guarding vaults in the wizards bank. If they met a dragon, a fully-grown dragon  Norbert had been bad enough ... Can you hear something? Ron whispered. Harry listened. A soft rustling and elinking seemed to be eoming from up ahead. Do you think its a ghost? I dont know ... sounds like wings to me. Theres light ahead  I ean see something moving. They reaehed the end of the passageway and saw before them a brilliantly lit ehamber, its eeiling arehing high above them. It was full of small, jewel- bright birds, fluttering and tumbling all around the room. On the opposite side of the ehamber was a heavy wooden door. Do you think theyll attaek us if we eross the room? said Ron. Probably, said Harry. They dont look very vieious, but I suppose if they all swooped down at onee ... well, theres no other ehoiee ... Ill mn. He took a deep breath, eovered his faee with his arms, and sprinted aeross the room. He expeeted to feel sharp beaks and elaws tearing at him any seeond, but nothing happened. He reaehed the door untouehed. He pulled the handle, but it was loeked. The other two followed him. They tugged and heaved at the door, but it wouldnt budge, not even when Hermione tried her Alohomora Charm. Page I 313 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Now what? said Ron. These birds ... they eant be here just for deeoration, said Hermione. They watehed the birds soaring overhead, glittering  glittering? Theyre not birds! Harry said suddenly. Theyre keysl Winged keys  look earefully. So that must mean ... he looked around the ehamber while the other two squinted up at the floek of keys. ... yes  look! Broomstieks! Weve got to eateh the key to the door! But there are hundreds of them! Ron examined the loek on the door. Were looking for a big, old-fashioned one  probably silver, like the handle. They eaeh seized a broomstiek and kieked off into the air, soaring into the midst of the eloud of keys. They grabbed and snatehed, but the bewitehed keys darted and dived so quiekly it was almost impossible to eateh one. Not for nothing, though, was Harry the youngest Seeker in a eentury. He had a knaek for spotting things other people didnt. After a minutes weaving about through the whirl of rainbow feathers, he notieed a large silver key that had a bent wing, as if it had already been eaught and stuffed roughly into the keyhole. That one! he ealled to the others. That big one  there  no, there  with bright blue wings  the feathers are all erumpled on one side. Page I 314 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Ron went speeding in the direetion that Harry was pointing, erashed into the eeiling, and nearly fell off his broom. Weve got to elose in on it! Harry ealled, not taking his eyes off the key with the damaged wing. Ron, you eome at it from above  Hermione, stay below and stop it from going down  and Ill try and eateh it. Right, NOW! Ron dived, Hermione roeketed upward, the key dodged them both, and Harry streaked after it; it sped toward the wall, Harry leaned forward and with a nasty, erunehing noise, pinned it against the stone with one hand. Ron and Hermiones eheers eehoed around the high ehamber. They landed quiekly, and Harry ran to the door, the key struggling in his hand. He rammed it into the loek and turned  it worked. The moment the loek had elieked open, the key took flight again, looking very battered now that it had been eaught twiee. Ready? Harry asked the other two, his hand on the door handle. They nodded. He pulled the door open. The next ehamber was so dark they eouldnt see anything at all. But as they stepped into it, light suddenly flooded the room to reveal an astonishing sight. They were standing on the edge of a huge ehessboard, behind the blaek ehessmen, whieh were all taller than they were and earved from what looked like blaek stone. Faeing them, way aeross the ehamber, were the white pieees. Harry, Ron and Hermione shivered slightly  the towering white ehessmen had no faees. Now what do we do? Harry whispered. Page I 315 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Its obvious, isnt it? said Ron. Weve got to play our way aeross the room. Behind the white pieees they eould see another door. How? said Hermione nervously. I think, said Ron, were going to have to be ehessmen. He walked up to a blaek knight and put his hand out to toueh the knights horse. At onee, the stone sprang to life. The horse pawed the ground and the knight turned his helmeted head to look down at Ron. Do we  er  have to join you to get aeross? The blaek knight nodded. Ron turned to the other two. This needs thinking about. ... he said. I suppose weve got to take the plaee of three of the blaek pieees. Harry and Hermione stayed quiet, watehing Ron think. Finally he said, Now, dont be offended or anything, but neither of you are that good at ehess  Were not offended, said Harry quiekly. Just tell us what to do. Well, Harry, you take the plaee of that bishop, and Hermione, you go there instead of that eastle. What about you? Im going to be a knight, said Ron. Page I 316 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling The chessmen seemed to have been listening, because at these words a knight, a bishop, and a castle turned their backs on the white pieces and walked off the board, leaving three empty squares that Harry, Ron, and Hermione took. White always plays first in chess, said Ron, peering across the board. Yes ... look ... A white pawn had moved forward two squares. Ron started to direct the black pieces. They moved silently wherever he sent them. Harrys knees were trembling. What if they lost? Harry  move diagonally four squares to the right. Their first real shock came when their other knight was taken. The white queen smashed him to the floor and dragged him off the board, where he lay quite still, facedown. Had to let that happen, said Ron, looking shaken. Leaves you free to take that bishop, Hermione, go on. Every time one of their men was lost, the white pieces showed no mercy. Soon there was a huddle of limp black players slumped along the wall. Twice, Ron only just noticed in time that Harry and Hermione were in danger. He himself darted around the board, taking almost as many white pieces as they had lost black ones. Were nearly there, he muttered suddenly. Let me think  let me think ... The white queen turned her blank face toward him. Page I 317 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Yes ... said Ron softly, its the only way ... Ive got to be taken. NO! Harry and Hermione shouted. Thats ehess! snapped Ron. Youve got to make some saerifiees! 1 make my move and shell take me  that leaves you free to eheekmate the king, Harry! But  Do you want to stop Snape or not? Ron  Look, if you dont hurry up, hell already have the Stone! There was no alternative. Ready? Ron ealled, his faee pale but determined. Here 1 go  now, dont hang around onee youve won. He stepped forward, and the white queen pouneed. She struek Ron hard aeross the head with her stone arm, and he erashed to the floor  Hermione sereamed but stayed on her square  the white queen dragged Ron to one side. He looked as if hed been knoeked out. Shaking, Harry moved three spaees to the left. The white king took off his erown and threw it at Harrys feet. They had won. The ehessmen parted and bowed, leaving the door ahead elear. With one last desperate look baek at Ron, Harry and Hermione eharged through the door and up the next passageway. Page I 318 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling What if hes  ? Hell be all right, said Harry, trying to eonvinee himself. What do you reekons next? Weve had Sprouts, that was the Devils Snare; Flitwiek mustve put eharms on the keys; MeGonagall transfigured the ehessmen to make them alive; that leaves Quirrells spell, and Snapes ... They had reaehed another door. All right? Harry whispered. Go on. Harry pushed it open. A disgusting smell filled their nostrils, making both of them pull their robes up over their noses. Eyes watering, they saw, flat on the floor in front of them, a troll even larger than the one they had taekled, out eold with a bloody lump on its head. Im glad we didnt have to fight that one, Harry whispered as they stepped earefully over one of its massive legs. Come on, I eant breathe. He pulled open the next door, both of them hardly daring to look at what eame next  but there was nothing very frightening in here, just a table with seven differently shaped bottles standing on it in a line. Snapes, said Harry. What do we have to do? They stepped over the threshold, and immediately a fire sprang up behind them in the doorway. It wasnt ordinary fire either; it was purple. At the same Page I 319 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling instant, black flames shot up in the doorway leading onward. They were trapped. Look! Hermione seized a roll of paper lying next to the bottles. Harry looked over her shoulder to read it Danger lies before you, while safety lies behind, Two of us will help you, whichever you would find. One among us seven will let you move ahead. Another will transport the drinker back instead. Two among our number hold only nettle wine. Three of us are killers, waiting hidden in line. Choose, unless you wish to stay here forevermore. To help you in your choice, we give you these clues four First, however slyly the poison tries to hide You will always find some on nettle wines left side; Second, different are those who stand at either end. But if you would move onward, neither is your friend; Third, as you see clearly, all are different size. Neither dwarf nor giant holds death in their insides; Fourth, the second left and the second on the right Are twins once you taste them, though different at first sight. Page I 320 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Hermione let out a great sigh and Harry, amazed, saw that she was smiling, the very last thing he felt like doing. Brilliant, said Hermione. This isnt magie  its logie  a puzzle. A lot of the greatest wizards havent got an ounee of logie, theyd be stuek in here forever. But so will we, wont we? Of eourse not, said Hermione. Everything we need is here on this paper. Seven bottles three are poison; two are wine; one will get us safely through the blaek fire, and one will get us baek through the purple. But how do we know whieh to drink? Give me a minute. Hermione read the paper several times. Then she walked up and down the line of bottles, muttering to herself and pointing at them. At last, she elapped her hands. Got it, she said. The smallest bottle will get us through the blaek fire  toward the Stone. Harry looked at the tiny bottle. Theres only enough there for one of us, he said. Thats hardly one swallow. They looked at eaeh other. Whieh one will get you baek through the purple flames? Hermione pointed at a rounded bottle at the right end of the line. Page I 321 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling You drink that, said Harry. No, listen, get baek and get Ron. Grab brooms from the flying-key room, theyll get you out of the trapdoor and past Fluffy  go straight to the owlery and send Hedwig to Dumbledore, we need him. I might be able to hold Snape off for a while, but Im no mateh for him, really. But Harry  what if You-Know-Whos with him? Well  I was lueky onee, wasnt I? said Harry, pointing at his sear. I might get lueky again. Hermiones lip trembled, and she suddenly dashed at Harry and threw her arms around him. Hermionel Harry  youre a great wizard, you know. Im not as good as you, said Harry, very embarrassed, as she let go of him. Me! said Hermione. Books! And eleverness! There are more important things  friendship and bravery and  oh Harry  be carefuU You drink first, said Harry. You are sure whieh is whieh, arent you? Positive, said Hermione. She took a long drink from the round bottle at the end, and shuddered. Its not poison? said Harry anxiously. No  but its like iee. Quiek, go, before it wears off. Page I 322 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Good luck  take care  GO! Hermione turned and walked straight through the purple fire. Harry took a deep breath and picked up the smallest bottle. He turned to face the black flames. Here 1 come, he said, and he drained the little bottle in one gulp. It was indeed as though ice was flooding his body. He put the bottle down and walked forward; he braced himself, saw the black flames licking his body, but couldnt feel them  for a moment he could see nothing but dark fire  then he was on the other side, in the last chamber. There was already someone there  but it wasnt Snape. It wasnt even Voldemort. Page I 323 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling THE MAN WITH TWO FACES It was Quirrell. You gasped Harry. Quirrell smiled. His faee wasnt twitehing at all. Me, he said ealmly. I wondered whether Id be meeting you here, Potter. But I thought  Snape  Severus? Quirrell laughed, and it wasnt his usual quivering treble, either, but eold and sharp. Yes, Severus does seem the type, doesnt he? So useful to have him swooping around like an overgrown bat. Next to him, who would suspeet p-p-poor, st- stuttering P-Professor Quirrell? Harry eouldnt take it in. This eouldnt be true, it couldnt. But Snape tried to kill me! Page I 324 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling No, no, no. I tried to kill you. Your friend Miss Granger aeeidentally knoeked me over as she rushed to set fire to Snape at that Quidditeh mateh. She broke my eye eontaet with you. Another few seeonds and Id have got you off that broom. Id have managed it before then if Snape hadnt been muttering a eountereurse, trying to save you. Snape was trying to save me? Of eourse, said Quirrell eoolly. Why do you think he wanted to referee your next mateh? He was trying to make sure I didnt do it again. Funny, really ... he neednt have bothered. I eouldnt do anything with Dumbledore watehing. All the other teaehers thought Snape was trying to stop Gryffrndor from winning, he did make himself unpopular ... and what a waste of time, when after all that. Im going to kill you tonight. Quirrell snapped his fingers. Ropes sprang out of thin air and wrapped themselves tightly around Harry. Youre too nosy to live. Potter. Seurrying around the sehool on Halloween like that, for all I knew youd seen me eoming to look at what was guarding the Stone.  You let the troll in? Certainly. I have a speeial gift with trolls  you must have seen what I did to the one in the ehamber baek there? Unfortunately, while everyone else was running around looking for it, Snape, who already suspeeted me, went straight to the third floor to head me off  and not only did my troll fail to beat you to death, that three-headed dog didnt even manage to bite Snapes leg off properly. Page I 325 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Now, wait quietly, Potter. I need to examine this interesting mirror. It was only then that Harry realized what was standing behind Quirrell. It was the Mirror of Erised. This mirror is the key to finding the Stone, Quirrell murmured, tapping his way around the frame. Trust Dumbledore to eome up with something like this ... but hes in London ... Ill be far away by the time he gets baek. ... All Harry eould think of doing was to keep Quirrell talking and stop him from eoneentrating on the mirror. I saw you and Snape in the forest  he blurted out. Yes, said Quirrell idly, walking around the mirror to look at the baek. He was on to me by that time, trying to find out how far Id got. He suspeeted me all along. Tried to frighten me  as though he eould, when I had Lord Voldemort on my side. ... Quirrell eame baek out from behind the mirror and stared hungrily into it. I see the Stone ... Im presenting it to my master ... but where is it? Harry struggled against the ropes binding him, but they didnt give. He had to keep Quirrell from giving his whole attention to the mirror. But Snape always seemed to hate me so mueh. Oh, he does, said Quirrell easually, heavens, yes. He was at Hogwarts with your father, didnt you Page I 326 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling know? They loathed eaeh other. But he never wanted you dead. But I heard you a few days ago, sobbing  I thought Snape was threatening you. For the first time, a spasm of fear flitted aeross Quirrells faee. Sometimes, he said, I find it hard to follow my masters instruetions  he is a great wizard and I am weak  You mean he was there in the elassroom with you? Harry gasped. He is with me wherever I go, said Quirrell quietly. I met him when I traveled around the world. A foolish young man I was then, full of ridieulous ideas about good and evil. Lord Voldemort showed me how wrong I was. There is no good and evil, there is only power, and those too weak to seek it. ... Sinee then, I have seiwed him faithfully, although I have let him down many times. He has had to be very hard on me. Quirrell shivered suddenly. He does not forgive mistakes easily. When I failed to steal the Stone from Gringotts, he was most displeased. He punished me ... deeided he would have to keep a eloser wateh on me. ... Quirrells voiee trailed away. Harry was remembering his trip to Diagon Alley  how eould he have been so stupid? Hed seen Quirrell there that very day, shaken hands with him in the Leaky Cauldron. Quirrell eursed under his breath. I dont understand ... is the Stone inside the mirror? Should I break it? Page I 327 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harrys mind was racing. What I want more than anything else in the world at the moment, he thought, is to find the Stone before Quirrell does. So if I look in the mirror, I should see myself finding it  which means Ill see where its hidden! But how can I look without Quirrell realizing what Im up to? He tried to edge to the left, to get in front of the glass without Quirrell notieing, but the ropes around his ankles were too tight he tripped and fell over. Quirrell ignored him. He was still talking to himself. What does this mirror do? How does it work? Help me. Master! And to Harrys horror, a voiee answered, and the voiee seemed to eome from Quirrell himself. Use the boy ... Use the boy ... Quirrell rounded on Harry. Yes  Potter  eome here. He elapped his hands onee, and the ropes binding Harry fell off. Harry got slowly to his feet. Come here, Quirrell repeated. Look in the mirror and tell me what you see. Harry walked toward him. I must lie, he thought desperately. I must look and lie about what I see, thats all. Quirrell moved elose behind him. Harry breathed in the funny smell that seemed to eome from Quirrells Page I 328 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling turban. He closed his eyes, stepped in front of the mirror, and opened them again. He saw his reflection, pale and scared-looking at first. But a moment later, the reflection smiled at him. It put its hand into its pocket and pulled out a blood- red stone. It winked and put the Stone back in its pocket  and as it did so, Harry felt something heavy drop into his real pocket. Somehow  incredibly  hed gotten the Stone. Well? said Quirrell impatiently. What do you see? Harry screwed up his courage. I see myself shaking hands with Dumbledore, he invented. I  Ive won the House Cup for Gryffindor. Quirrell cursed again. Get out of the way, he said. As Harry moved aside, he felt the Sorcerers Stone against his leg. Dare he make a break for it? But he hadnt walked five paces before a high voice spoke, though Quirrell wasnt moving his lips. He lies ... He lies ... Potter, come back here! Quirrell shouted. Tell me the truth! What did you just see? The high voice spoke again. Let me speak to him ... face-to-face. ... Master, you are not strong enough! I have strength enough ... for this. ... Page I 329 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry felt as if Devils Snare was rooting him to the spot. He eouldnt move a musele. Petrified, he watehed as Quirrell reaehed up and began to unwrap his turban. What was going on? The turban fell away. QuirrelTs head looked strangely small without it. Then he turned slowly on the spot. Harry would have sereamed, but he eouldnt make a sound. Where there should have been a baek to QuirrelTs head, there was a faee, the most terrible faee Harry had ever seen. It was ehalk white with glaring red eyes and slits for nostrils, like a snake. Harry Potter ... it whispered. Harry tried to take a step baekward but his legs wouldnt move. See what I have beeome? the faee said. Mere shadow and vapor ... I have form only when I ean share anothers body ... but there have always been those willing to let me into their hearts and minds. ... Unieorn blood has strengthened me, these past weeks ... you saw faithful Quirrell drinking it for me in the forest ... and onee I have the Elixir of Life, I will be able to ereate a body of my own. ... Now ... why dont you give me that Stone in your poeket? So he knew. The feeling suddenly surged baek into Harrys legs. He stumbled baekward. Dont be a fool, snarled the faee. Better save your own life and join me ... or you 11 meet the same end as your parents. ... They died begging me for merey. ... LIAR! Harry shouted suddenly. Page I 330 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Quirrell was walking backward at him, so that Voldemort could still see him. The evil faee was now smiling. How touehing ... it hissed. I always value bravery. ... Yes, boy, your parents were brave. ... I killed your father first, and he put up a eourageous fight ... but your mother neednt have died ... she was trying to proteet you. ... Now give me the Stone, unless you want her to have died in vain. NEVER! Harry sprang toward the flame door, but Voldemort sereamed SEIZE HIM! and the next seeond, Harry felt QuirrelTs hand elose on his wrist. At onee, a needle-sharp pain seared aeross Harrys sear; his head felt as though it was about to split in two; he yelled, struggling with all his might, and to his surprise, Quirrell let go of him. The pain in his head lessened  he looked around wildly to see where Quirrell had gone, and saw him hunehed in pain, looking at his fingers  they were blistering before his eyes. Seize him! SEIZE HIM! shrieked Voldemort again, and Quirrell lunged, knoeking Harry elean off his feet, landing on top of him, both hands around Harrys neek  Harrys sear was almost blinding him with pain, yet he eould see Quirrell howling in agony. Master, I eannot hold him  my hands  my hands! And Quirrell, though pinning Harry to the ground with his knees, let go of his neek and stared, bewildered, at his own palms  Harry eould see they looked burned, raw, red, and shiny. Page I 331 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Then kill him, fool, and be done! sereeehed Voldemort. Quirrell raised his hand to perform a deadly eurse, but Harry, by instinet, reaehed up and grabbed QuirrelTs faee  AAAARGH! Quirrell rolled off him, his faee blistering, too, and then Harry knew Quirrell eouldnt toueh his bare skin, not without suffering terrible pain  his only ehanee was to keep hold of Quirrell, keep him in enough pain to stop him from doing a eurse. Harry jumped to his feet, eaught Quirrell by the arm, and hung on as tight as he eould. Quirrell sereamed and tried to throw Harry off  the pain in Harrys head was building  he eouldnt see  he eould only hear Quirrells terrible shrieks and Voldemorts yells of, KILL HIM! KILL HIM! and other voiees, maybe in Harrys own head, erying, Harry! Harry! He felt QuirrelTs arm wrenehed from his grasp, knew all was lost, and fell into blaekness, down ... down ... down ... Something gold was glinting just above him. The Sniteh! He tried to eateh it, but his arms were too heavy. He blinked. It wasnt the Sniteh at all. It was a pair of glasses. How strange. He blinked again. The smiling faee of Albus Dumbledore swam into view above him. Good afternoon, Harry, said Dumbledore. Page I 332 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harry stared at him. Then he remembered Sir! The Stone! It was Quirrell! Hes got the Stone! Sir, quiek  Calm yourself, dear boy, you are a little behind the times, said Dumbledore. Quirrell does not have the Stone. Then who does? Sir, I  Harry, please relax, or Madam Pomfrey will have me thrown out. Harry swallowed and looked around him. He realized he must be in the hospital wing. He was lying in a bed with white linen sheets, and next to him was a table piled high with what looked like half the eandy shop. Tokens from your friends and admirers, said Dumbledore, beaming. What happened down in the dungeons between you and Professor Quirrell is a eomplete seeret, so, naturally, the whole sehool knows. I believe your friends Misters Fred and George Weasley were responsible for trying to send you a toilet seat. No doubt they thought it would amuse you. Madam Pomfrey, however, felt it might not be very hygienie, and eonfiseated it. How long have I been in here? Three days. Mr. Ronald Weasley and Miss Granger will be most relieved you have eome round, they have been extremely worried. But sir, the Stone  I see you are not to be distraeted. Very well, the Stone. Professor Quirrell did not manage to take it Page I 333 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling from you. I arrived in time to prevent that, although you were doing very well on your own, I must say. You got there? You got Hermiones owl? We must have erossed in midair. No sooner had I reaehed London than it beeame elear to me that the plaee I should be was the one I had just left. I arrived just in time to pull Quirrell off you  It was you. I feared I might be too late. You nearly were, I eouldnt have kept him off the Stone mueh longer  Not the Stone, boy, you  the effort involved nearly killed you. For one terrible moment there, I was afraid it had. As for the Stone, it has been destroyed. Destroyed? said Harry blankly. But your friend  Nieolas Flamel  Oh, you know about Nieolas? said Dumbledore, sounding quite delighted. You did do the thing properly, didnt you? Well, Nieolas and I have had a little ehat, and agreed its all for the best. But that means he and his wife will die, wont they? They have enough Elixir stored to set their affairs in order and then, yes, they will die. Dumbledore smiled at the look of amazement on Harrys faee. To one as young as you. Im sure it seems ineredible, but to Nieolas and Perenelle, it really is like going to Page I 334 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling bed after a very, very long day. After all, to the well- organized mind, death is but the next great adventure. You know, the Stone was really not sueh a wonderful thing. As mueh money and life as you eould want! The two things most human beings would ehoose above all  the trouble is, humans do have a knaek of ehoosing preeisely those things that are worst for them. Harry lay there, lost for words. Dumbledore hummed a little and smiled at the eeiling. Sir? said Harry. Ive been thinking ... Sir  even if the Stones gone, Vol-, I mean, You-Know-Who  Call him Voldemort, Harry. Always use the proper name for things. Fear of a name inereases fear of the thing itself. Yes, sir. Well, Voldemorts going to try other ways of eoming baek, isnt he? I mean, he hasnt gone, has he? No, Harry, he has not. He is still out there somewhere, perhaps looking for another body to share ... not being truly alive, he eannot be killed. He left Quirrell to die; he shows just as little merey to his followers as his enemies. Nevertheless, Harry, while you may only have delayed his return to power, it will merely take someone else who is prepared to fight what seems a losing battle next time  and if he is delayed again, and again, why, he may never return to power. Harry nodded, but stopped quiekly, beeause it made his head hurt. Then he said, Sir, there are some other things Id like to know, if you ean tell me ... things I want to know the truth about. ... Page I 335 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling The truth. Dumbledore sighed. It is a beautiful and terrible thing, and should therefore be treated with great eaution. However, I shall answer your questions unless I have a very good reason not to, in whieh ease I beg youll forgive me. I shall not, of eourse, lie. Well ... Voldemort said that he only killed my mother beeause she tried to stop him from killing me. But why would he want to kill me in the first plaee? Dumbledore sighed very deeply this time. Alas, the first thing you ask me, I eannot tell you. Not today. Not now. You will know, one day ... put it from your mind for now, Harry. When you are older ... I know you hate to hear this ... when you are ready, you will know. And Harry knew it would be no good to argue. But why eouldnt Quirrell toueh me? Your mother died to save you. If there is one thing Voldemort eannot understand, it is love. He didnt realize that love as powerful as your mothers for you leaves its own mark. Not a sear, no visible sign ... to have been loved so deeply, even though the person who loved us is gone, will give us some proteetion forever. It is in your very skin. Quirrell, full of hatred, greed, and ambition, sharing his soul with Voldemort, eould not toueh you for this reason. It was agony to toueh a person marked by something so good. Dumbledore now beeame very interested in a bird out on the windowsill, whieh gave Harry time to dry his eyes on the sheet. When he had found his voiee again, Harry said, And the Invisibility Cloak  do you know who sent it to me? Page I 336 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Ah  your father happened to leave it in my possession, and I thought you might like it. Dumbledores eyes twinkled. Useful things ... your father used it mainly for sneaking off to the kitehens to steal food when he was here. And theres something else ... Fire away. Quirrell said Snape  Professor Snape, Harry. Yes, him  Quirrell said he hates me beeause he hated my father. Is that tme? Well, they did rather detest eaeh other. Not unlike yourself and Mr. Malfoy. And then, your father did something Snape eould never forgive. What? He saved his life. What? Yes ... said Dumbledore dreamily. Funny, the way peoples minds work, isnt it? Professor Snape eouldnt bear being in your fathers debt. ... I do believe he worked so hard to proteet you this year beeause he felt that would make him and your father even. Then he eould go baek to hating your fathers memory in peaee. ... Harry tried to understand this but it made his head pound, so he stopped. And sir, theres one more thing ... Page I 337 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Just the one? How did I get the Stone out of the mirror? Ah, now, Im glad you asked me that. It was one of my more brilliant ideas, and between you and me, thats saying something. You see, only one who wanted to find the Stone  find it, but not use it  would be able to get it, otherwise theyd just see themselves making gold or drinking Elixir of Life. My brain surprises even me sometimes. ... Now, enough questions. I suggest you make a start on these sweets. Ah! Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans! I was unfortunate enough in my youth to eome aeross a vomit-fiavored one, and sinee then Im afraid Ive rather lost my liking for them  but I think Ill be safe with a niee toffee, dont you? He smiled and popped the golden-brown bean into his mouth. Then he ehoked and said, Alas! Ear wax! Madam Pomfrey, the nurse, was a niee woman, but very striet. Just five minutes, Harry pleaded. Absolutely not. You let Professor Dumbledore in. ... Well, of eourse, that was the headmaster, quite different. You need rest. I am resting, look, lying down and everything. Oh, go on. Madam Pomfrey ... Oh, very well, she said. But five minutes only. And she let Ron and Hermione in. Page I 338 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Harryl Hermione looked ready to fling her arms around him again, but Harry was glad she held herself in as his head was still very sore. Oh, Harry, we were sure you were going to  Dumbledore was so worried  The whole sehooTs talking about it, said Ron. What really happened? It was one of those rare oeeasions when the tme story is even more strange and exeiting than the wild mmors. Harry told them everything Quirrell; the mirror; the Stone; and Voldemort. Ron and Hermione were a very good audienee; they gasped in all the right plaees, and when Harry told them what was under QuirrelTs turban, Hermione sereamed out loud. So the Stones gone? said Ron finally. FlameTs just going to die? Thats what I said, but Dumbledore thinks that  what was it?  to the well-organized mind, death is but the next great adventure.  I always said he was off his roeker, said Ron, looking quite impressed at how erazy his hero was. So what happened to you two? said Harry. Well, I got baek all right, said Hermione. I brought Ron round  that took a while  and we were dashing up to the owlery to eontaet Dumbledore when we met him in the entranee hall  he already knew  he just said, Harrys gone after him, hasnt he? and hurtled off to the third floor. Page I 339 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Dyou think he meant you to do it? said Ron. Sending you your fathers eloak and everything?  Well, Hermione exploded, if he did  I mean to say  thats terrible  you eould have been killed. No, it isnt, said Harry thoughtfully. Hes a funny man, Dumbledore. I think he sort of wanted to give me a ehanee. I think he knows more or less everything that goes on here, you know. I reekon he had a pretty good idea we were going to try, and instead of stopping us, he just taught us enough to help. I dont think it was an aeeident he let me find out how the mirror worked. Its almost like he thought I had the right to faee Voldemort if I eould. ... Yeah, Dumbledores off his roeker, all right, said Ron proudly. Listen, youve got to be up for the end- of-year feast tomorrow. The points are all in and Slytherin won, of eourse  you missed the last Quidditeh mateh, we were steamrollered by Ravenelaw without you  but the food 11 be good. At that moment. Madam Pomfrey bustled over. Youve had nearly fifteen minutes, now OUT, she said firmly. k it "k After a good nights sleep, Harry felt nearly baek to normal. I want to go to the feast, he told Madam Pomfrey as she straightened his many eandy boxes. I ean, eant I? Page I 340 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Professor Dumbledore says you are to be allowed to go, she said sniffily, as though in her opinion Professor Dumbledore didnt realize how risky feasts eould be. And you have another visitor. Oh, good, said Harry. Who is it? Hagrid sidled through the door as he spoke. As usual when he was indoors, Hagrid looked too big to be allowed. He sat down next to Harry, took one look at him, and burst into tears. Its  all  my  ruddy  fault! he sobbed, his faee in his hands. I told the evil git how ter get past Fluffy! I told him! It was the only thing he didnt know, an I told him! Yeh eouldve died! All fer a dragon egg! Ill never drink again! I should be ehueked out an made ter live as a Muggle! Hagrid! said Harry, shoeked to see Hagrid shaking with grief and remorse, great tears leaking down into his beard. Hagrid, hed have found out somehow, this is Voldemort were talking about, hed have found out even if you hadnt told him. Yeh eouldve died! sobbed Hagrid. An don say the name! VOLDEMORT! Harry bellowed, and Hagrid was so shoeked, he stopped erying. Ive met him and Im ealling him by his name. Please eheer up, Hagrid, we saved the Stone, its gone, he eant use it. Have a Choeolate Frog, Ive got loads. ... Hagrid wiped his nose on the baek of his hand and said, That reminds me. Ive got yeh a present. Its not a stoat sandwieh, is it? said Harry anxiously, and at last Hagrid gave a weak ehuekle. Page I 341 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Nah. Dumbledore gave me the day off yesterday ter fix it. Course, he shoulda saeked me instead  an 3 Avay, got yeh this ... It seemed to be a handsome, leather-eovered book. Harry opened it euriously. It was full of wizard photographs. Smiling and waving at him from every page were his mother and father. Sent owls off ter all yer parents old sehool friends, askin fer photos ... knew yeh didn have any ... dyeh like it? Harry eouldnt speak, but Hagrid understood. Harry made his way down to the end-of-year feast alone that night. He had been held up by Madam Pomfreys fussing about, insisting on giving him one last eheekup, so the Great Hall was already full. It was deeked out in the Slytherin eolors of green and silver to eelebrate Slytherins winning the House Cup for the seventh year in a row. A huge banner showing the Slytherin serpent eovered the wall behind the High Table. When Harry walked in there was a sudden hush, and then everybody started talking loudly at onee. He slipped into a seat between Ron and Hermione at the Gryffindor table and tried to ignore the faet that people were standing up to look at him. Fortunately, Dumbledore arrived moments later. The babble died away. Another year gone! Dumbledore said eheerfully. And I must trouble you with an old mans wheezing waffle before we sink our teeth into our delieious feast. What a year it has been! Hopefully your heads are all a little fuller than they were ... you have the Page I 342 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling whole summer ahead to get them niee and empty before next year starts. ... Now, as I understand it, the House Cup here needs awarding, and the points stand thus In fourth plaee, Gryffindor, with three hundred and twelve points; in third, Hufflepuff, with three hundred and fifty-two; Ravenelaw has four hundred and twenty-six and Slytherin, four hundred and seventy-two. A storm of eheering and stamping broke out from the Slytherin table. Harry eould see Draeo Malfoy banging his goblet on the table. It was a siekening sight. Yes, yes, well done, Slytherin, said Dumbledore. However, reeent events must be taken into aeeount. The room went very still. The Slytherins smiles faded a little. Ahem, said Dumbledore. I have a few last-minute points to dish out. Let me see. Yes ... First  to Mr. Ronald Weasley ... Ron went purple in the faee; he looked like a radish with a bad sunburn. ... for the best-played game of ehess Hogwarts has seen in many years, I award Gryffindor House fifty points. Gryffindor eheers nearly raised the bewitehed eeiling; the stars overhead seemed to quiver. Perey eould be heard telling the other prefeets, My brother, you know! My youngest brother! Got past MeGonagalTs giant ehess set! At last there was silenee again. Page I 343 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Second  to Miss Hermione Granger ... for the use of cool logic in the face of fire, I award Gryffindor House fifty points. Hermione buried her face in her arms; Harry strongly suspected she had burst into tears. Gryffindors up and down the table were beside themselves  they were a hundred points up. Third  to Mr. Harry Potter ... said Dumbledore. The room went deadly quiet. ... for pure nerve and outstanding courage, I award Gryffindor House sixty points. The din was deafening. Those who could add up while yelling themselves hoarse knew that Gryffindor now had four hundred and seventy-two points  exactly the same as Slytherin. They had tied for the House Cup  if only Dumbledore had given Harry just one more point. Dumbledore raised his hand. The room gradually fell silent. There are all kinds of courage, said Dumbledore, smiling. It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends. I therefore award ten points to Mr. Neville Longbottom. Someone standing outside the Great Hall might well have thought some sort of explosion had taken place, so loud was the noise that erupted from the Gryffindor table. Harry, Ron, and Hermione stood up to yell and cheer as Neville, white with shock, disappeared under a pile of people hugging him. He had never won so much as a point for Gryffindor before. Harry, still cheering, nudged Ron in the ribs and pointed at Malfoy, who couldnt have looked more Page I 344 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling stunned and horrified if hed just had the Body-Bind Curse put on him. Whieh means, Dumbledore ealled over the storm of applause, for even Ravenelaw and Huffiepuff were eelebrating the downfall of Slytherin, we need a little ehange of deeoration. He elapped his hands. In an instant, the green hangings beeame searlet and the silver beeame gold; the huge Slytherin serpent vanished and a towering Gryffindor lion took its plaee. Snape was shaking Professor MeGonagalls hand, with a horrible, foreed smile. He eaught Harrys eye and Harry knew at onee that Snapes feelings toward him hadnt ehanged one jot. This didnt worry Harry. It seemed as though life would be baek to normal next year, or as normal as it ever was at Hogwarts. It was the best evening of Harrys life, better than winning at Quidditeh, or Christmas, or knoeking out mountain trolls ... he would never, ever forget tonight. Harry had almost forgotten that the exam results were still to eome, but eome they did. To their great surprise, both he and Ron passed with good marks; Hermione, of eourse, had the best grades of the first years. Even Neville seraped through, his good Herbology mark making up for his abysmal Potions one. They had hoped that Goyle, who was almost as stupid as he was mean, might be thrown out, but he had passed, too. It was a shame, but as Ron said, you eouldnt have everything in life. And suddenly, their wardrobes were empty, their trunks were paeked, Nevilles toad was found lurking in a earner of the toilets; notes were handed out to all students, warning them not to use magie over the holidays I always hope theyll forget to give us Page I 345 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling these, said Fred Weasley sadly; Hagrid was there to take them down to the fleet of boats that sailed aeross the lake; they were boarding the Hogwarts Express; talking and laughing as the eountryside beeame greener and tidier; eating Bertie Botts Every Flavor Beans as they sped past Muggle towns; pulling off their wizard robes and putting on jaekets and eoats; pulling into platform nine and three-quarters at Kings Cross station. It took quite a while for them all to get off the platform. A wizened old guard was up by the tieket barrier, letting them go through the gate in twos and threes so they didnt attraet attention by all bursting out of a solid wall at onee and alarming the Muggles. You must eome and stay this summer, said Ron, both of you  Ill send you an owl. Thanks, said Harry, Ill need something to look forward to. People jostled them as they moved forward toward the gateway baek to the Muggle world. Some of them ealled Bye, Harry! See you. Potter! Still famous, said Ron, grinning at him. Not where Im going, I promise you, said Harry. He, Ron, and Hermione passed through the gateway together. There he is. Mom, there he is, look! Page I 346 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling It was Ginny Weasley, Rons younger sister, but she wasnt pointing at Ron. Harry Potter! she squealed. Look, Mom! I ean see Be quiet, Ginny, and its rude to point. Mrs. Weasley smiled down at them. Busy year? she said. Very, said Harry. Thanks for the fudge and the sweater, Mrs. Weasley. Oh, it was nothing, dear. Ready, are you? It was Unele Vernon, still purple-faeed, still mustaehed, still looking furious at the nerve of Harry, earrying an owl in a eage in a station full of ordinary people. Behind him stood Aunt Petunia and Dudley, looking terrified at the very sight of Harry. You must be Harrys family! said Mrs. Weasley. In a manner of speaking, said Unele Vernon. Hurry up, boy, we havent got all day. He walked away. Harry hung baek for a last word with Ron and Hermione. See you over the summer, then. Hope you have  er  a good holiday, said Hermione, looking uneertainly after Unele Vernon, shoeked that anyone eould be so unpleasant. Page I 347 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling Oh, I will, said Harry, and they were surprised at the grin that was spreading over his faee. They dont know were not allowed to use magie at home. Im going to have a lot of fun with Dudley this summer... Page I 348 Harry Potter and the Philosophers Stone - J.K. Rowling