THE MODERN LIBRARY OF THE WORLDS BEST BOOKS THE GRAPES OF WRATH The publishers will he pleased to send, upon request, an illustrated folder setting forth the purpose and scope of THE MODERN LIBRARY, and listing each volume in the series. Every reader of books will find titles he has been looking for, handsomely printed, in unabridged editions, and at an unusually low price . WRATH THE MODERN LIBRARY  NEW YORK Random House is the publisher of THE MODERN LIBRARY BENNETT A. CEBF  DONALD S. KLOPFER  ROBERT K, HAAS Manufactured in the United States of America Printed by Parkway Printing Company Bound by II. Wolff JOHN STEINBECK 1900-  A NOTE ON THE AUTHOR OF THE GRAPES OF WRATH John Steinbeck was born in Salinas, California. His father was active in local politics and had been county treasurer, and ms mother was a school teacher in the Big Sur country. The world beyond the rugged mountains held little attraction for young Steinbeck, and it was not until he was nineteen that he ventured out of them to enroll in Leland Stanford University. I here he confined his studies to whatever happened to inter- est him, and he never troubled to take a degree. He came to New York via the Panama Canal by a freight boat and worked at casual jobs as a newspaperman, a hod-carrier during- the construction of Madison Square Garden, a chemist, a painters apprentice and a day laborer. His first book, Cup of Gold was published in 1929. It was followed, in 1932, by The Pas- tures of Heaven and To a God Unknown. The publics indif- ference to these early works may have been discouraging but its response to T ortilla Flat in 1935 was quick and hearten- mg. In 1936, his In Dubious Battle rallied many new readers and gave them the first promise of all that would be fulfilled three years later in The Grapes of Wrath. The following year Steinbeck tried the experiment of writing a short novel as if it were a play. Of Mice and Men was an instantaneous success as a novel, and, with hardly a word changed, was a sensation on the stage and screen. There followed a book of short stories. The Long Valley, and in 1939, Steinbeck rose to his greatest height as an artist with the novel that is conceded to be one of the strongest and most compassionate of our time. The Grapes of Wrath. More recently he wrote the story and foreword for a book of photographs for a motion picture of Mexican life, The Forgotten Village, and a forthcoming book, written in collaboration with Edward F. Ricketts, the marine biologist, is an account of a scientific trip through the Gulf of California. CAROL who willed this book. TOM who lived it. The Grapes of Wrath Chapter One T O THE red country and part of the gray country of Oklahoma, the last rains came gently, and they did not cut the scarred earth. The plows crossed and recrossed the rivulet marks. The last rains lifted the corn quickly and scattered weed colonies and grass along the sides of the roads so that the gray country and the dark red coun- try began to disappear under a green cover. In the last part of May the sky grew pale and the clouds that had hung in high puffs for so long in the spring were dissipated. The sun flared down on the growing corn day after day until a line of brown spread along the edge of each green bayonet. The clouds appeared, and went away, and in a while they did not try any more. The weeds grew darker green to protect them- selves, and they did not spread any more. The surface of the earth crusted, a thin hard crust, and as the sky became pale, so the earth became pale, pink in the red country and white in the gray country. In the water-cut gullies the earth dusted down in dry lit- tle streams. Gophers and ant lions started small avalanches. And as the sharp sun struck day after day, the leaves of the young corn became less stiff and erect; they bent in a curve at first, and then, as the central ribs of strength, grew weak, each leaf tilted downward. Then it was June, and the sun shone more fiercely. The brown lines on the com leaves widened and moved in on the central ribs. The weeds frayed 3 4 The Grapes of Wrath and edged back toward their roots. The air was thin and the sky more pale; and every day the earth paled. In the roads where the teams moved, where the wheels milled the ground and the hooves of the horses beat the ground, the dirt crust broke and the dust formed. Every moving thing lifted the dust into the air a walking man lifted a thin layer as high as his waist, and a wagon lifted the dust as high as the fence tops, and an automobile boiled a cloud behind it. The dust was long in settling back again. When June was half gone, the big clouds moved up out of Texas and the Gulf, high heavy clouds, rain-heads. The men in the fields looked up at the clouds and sniffed at them and held wet fingers up to sense the wind. And the horses were nervous while the clouds were up. The rain-heads dropped a little spattering and hurried on to some other country. Behind them the sky was pale again and the sun flared. In the dust there were drop craters where the rain had fallen, and there were clean splashes on the com, and that was all. A gentle wind followed the rain clouds, driving them on northward, a wind that softly clashed the drying corn. A day went by and the wind increased, steady, unbroken by gusts. The dust from the roads fluffed up and spread out and fell on the weeds beside the fields, and fell into the fields a little way. Now the wind grew strong and hard and it worked at the rain crust in the corn fields. Little by little the sky was darkened by the mixing dust, and the wind felt over the earth, loosened the dust, and carried it away. The wind grew stronger. The rain crust broke and the dust lifted up out of the fields and drove gray plumes into the air like slug- gish smoke. The corn threshed the wind and made a dry. The Grapes of Wrath 5 rushing sound. The finest dust did not settle back to earth now, but disappeared into the darkening sky. The wind grew stronger, whisked under stones, carried up straws and old leaves, and even little clods, marking its course as it sailed across the fields. The air and the sky dark- ened and through them the sun shone redly, and there was a raw sting in the air. During a night the wind raced faster over the land, dug cunningly among the rootlets of the com, and the corn fought the wind with its weakened leaves until the roots were freed by the prying wind and then each stalk settled wearily sideways toward the earth and pointed the direction of the wind. The dawn came, but no day. In the gray sky a red sun appeared, a dim red circle that gave a little light, like dusk; and as that day advanced, the dusk slipped back toward darkness, and the wind cried and whimpered over the fallen com. Men and women huddled in their houses, and they tied handkerchiefs over their noses when they went out, and wore goggles to protect their eyes. When the night came again it was black night, for the stars could not pierce the dust to get down, and the window lights could not even spread beyond their own yards. Now the dust was evenly mixed with the air, an emulsion of dust and air. Houses were shut tight, and cloth wedged around doors and windows, but the dust came in so thinly that it could not be seen in the air, and it settled like pollen on the chairs and tables, on the dishes. The people brushed it from their shoulders. Little lines of dust lay at the door sills. In the middle of that night the wind passed on and left the land quiet. The dust-filled air muffled sound more com- 6 The Grapes of Wrath pleteiy than fog does. The people, lying in their beds, heard the wind stop. They awakened when the rushing wind was gone. They lay quietly and listened deep into the stillness. Then the roosters crowed, and their voices were muffled, and the people stirred restlessly in their beds and wanted the morning. They knew it would take a long time for the dust to settle out of the air. In the morning the dust hung like fog, and the sun was as red as ripe new blood. All day the dust sifted down from the sky, and the next day it sifted down. An even blanket covered the earth. It settled on the com, piled up on the tops of the fence posts, piled up on the wires; it settled on roofs, blanketed the weeds and trees. The people came out of their houses and smelled the hot stinging air and covered their noses from it. And the chil- dren came out of the houses, but they did not run or shout as they would have done after a rain. Men stood by their fences and looked at the ruined corn, drying fast now, only a little green showing through the film of dust. The men were silent and they did not move often. And the women came out of the houses to stand beside their men to feel whether this time the men would break. The women studied the mens faces secretly, for the com could go, as long as something else remained. The children stood near by, drawing figures in the dust with bare toes, and the children sent exploring senses out to see whether men and women would break. The children peeked at the faces of the men and women, and then drew careful lines in the dust with their toes. Horses came to the watering troughs and nuzzled the water to clear the surface dust. After a while the faces of the watching men lost their bemused perplexity and became hard and angry and resistant. Then the women knew that they were safe and that there was no break. Then they asked, Whatll we do? The Grapes of Wrath 7 Ind the men replied, I dont know. But it was all right. The women knew it was all right, and the watching children knew it was all right. Women and children knew deep in themselves that no misfortune was too great to bear if their men were whole. The women went into the houses to their work, and the children began to play, but cautiously at first. As the day went forward the sun became less red. It flared down on the dust-blanketed land. The men sat in the door- ways of their houses; their hands were busy with sticks and little rocks. The men sat still-thinking figuring gjjs    -   Chapter Two A HUGE red transport truck stood in front of the, lit- tle roadside restaurant. The vertical exhaust pipe L muttered softly, and an almost invisible haze of steel- blue smoke hovered over its end. It was a new truck, shining red, and in twelve-inch letters on its sides OKLAHOMA CITY TRANSPORT COMPANY. Its double tires were new, and a brass padlock stood straight out from the hasp on the big back doors. Inside the screened restaurant a radio played, quiet dance music turned low the way It Is when no one is listening. A small outlet fan turned silently in its circular hole over the entrance, and flies buzzed excitedly about the doors and windows, butting the screens. Inside, one man, the truck driver, sat on a stool and rested his el- bows on the counter and looked over his coffee at the lean and lonely waitress. He talked the smart listless language of the roadsides to her. I seen him about three months ago. He had a operation. Cut somepin out. I forget what. And she Doesnt seem no longer than a week I seen him myself. Looked fine then. Hes a nice sort of a guy when he aint stinko. Now and then the flies roared softly at the screen door. The coffee machine spurted steam, and the waitress, without looking, reached behind her and shut it off. Outside, a man walking along the edge of the highway crossed over and approached the truck. He walked slowly to the front of it, put his hand on the shiny fender, and 8 The Grapes of Wrath 9 looked at the No Riders sticker on the windshield. For a moment he was about to walk on down the road, but instead he sat on the running board on the side away from the res- taurant. He was not over thirty. His eyes were very dark brown and there was a hint of brown pigment in his eyeballs. His cheek bones were high and wide, and strong deep lines cut down his cheeks, in curves beside his mouth. His upper lip was long, and since his teeth protruded, the lips stretched to cover them, for this man kept his lips closed. His hands  were hard, with broad fingers and nails as thick and ridged as little clam shells. The space between thumb and forefinger and the hams of his hands were shiny with callus. The mans clothes were new-all of them, cheap and new. His gray cap was so new that the visor was still stiff and the button still on, not shapeless and bulged as it would be when it had served for a while all the various purposes of a cap- carrying sack, towel, handkerchief. His suit was of cheap gray hardcloth and so new that there were creases in the trousers. His blue chambray shirt was stiff and smooth with filler. The coat was too big, the trousers too short, for he was a tall man.. The coat shoulder peaks hung down on his arms, and even then the sleeves were too short and the front of the coat flapped loosely over his stomach. He wore a pair of new tan shoes of the kind called army last, hob- nailed and with half-circles like horseshoes to protect the edges of the heels from wear. This man sat on the running board and took off his cap and mopped his face with it. Then he put on the cap, and by pulling started the future ruin of the visor. His feet caught his attention. He leaned down and loosened the shoelaces, and did not tie the ends again. Over his head the exhaust of the Diesel engine whispered in quick puffs of blue smoke. io The Grapes of Wrath The music stopped in the restaurant and a mans voice spoke from the loudspeaker, but the waitress did not turn him off, for she didnt know the music had stopped. Her ex- ploring fingers had found a lump under her ear. She was. trying to see it in a mirror behind the counter without let- ting the truck driver know, and so she pretended to push a bit of hair to neatness. The truck driver said, They was a big dance in Shawnee. I heard somebody got killed or some- pin. You hear anything? No, said the waitress, and she lovingly fingered the lump under her ear. Outside, the seated man stood up and looked over the cowl of the truck and watched the restaurant for a moment. Then he settled back on the running board, pulled a sack of tobacco and a book of papers from his side pocket. He rolled his cigarette slowly and perfectly, studied it, smoothed it. At last he lighted it and pushed the burning match into the dust at his feet. The sun cut into the shade of the truck as noon approached. In the restaurant the truck driver paid his bill and put his two nickels change in a slot machine. The whirling cylin- ders gave him no score. They fix em so you cant win nothing, he said to the waitress. And she replied, Guy took the jackpot not two hours ago. Three-eighty he got. How soon you gonna be back by? He held the screen door a little open. Week-ten days, he said. Got to make a run to Tulsa, an I never get back soon as I think. She said crossly, Dont let the flies in. Either go out or come in. So long, he said, and pushed his way out. The screen door banged behind him. He stood in the sun, peeling the Mril - '    ' ' ' f,  . '.   The Grapes of Wrath 1 1 wrapper from a piece of gum. He was a heavy man, broad in the shoulders, thick in the stomach. His face was red and his blue eyes long and slitted from having squinted always at sharp light. He wore army trousers and high laced boots. Holding the stick of gum in front of his lips he called through the screen, Well, dont do nothing you dont want me to hear about. The waitress was turned toward a mirror on the back wall. She grunted a reply. The truck driver gnawed down the stick of gum slowly, opening his jaws and lips wide with each bite. He shaped the gum in his mouth, rolled it under his tongue while he walked to the big red truck. The hitch-hiker stood up and looked across through the windows. Could ya give me a lift, mister? The driver looked quickly back at the restaurant for a sec- ond. Didn you see the No Riders sticker on the winshield? Sure I seen it. But sometimes a guyll be a good guy even if some rich bastard makes him carry a sticker. The driver, getting slowly into the truck, considered the parts of this answer. If he refused now, not only was he not a good guy, but he was forced to carry a sticker, was not allowed to have company. If he took in the hitch-hiker he was automatically a good guy and also he was not one whom any rich bastard could kick around. He knew he was being trapped, but he couldnt see a way out. And he wanted to be a good guy. He glanced again at the restaurant. Scrunch down on the running board till we get around the bend, he said. The hitch-hiker flopped down out of sight and clung to the door handle. The motor roared up for a moment, the gears clicked in, and the great truck moved away, first gear, e'cond gear, third gear., and then a high whining pick-up an4 22 The Grapes of Wrath fourth gear. Under the clinging man the highway blurred dizzily by. It was a mile to the first turn in the road, then the truck slowed down. The hitch-hiker stood up, eased the door open, and slipped into the seat. The driver looked over at him, slitting his eyes, and he chewed as though thoughts and impressions were being sorted and arranged by his jaws before they were finally filed away in his brain. His eyes began at the new cap, moved down the new clothes to the new shoes. The hitch-hiker squirmed his back against the seat in comfort, took off his cap, and swabbed his sweating forehead and chin with it. Thanks, buddy, he said. My dogs was pooped out. New shoes, said the driver. His voice had the same qual- ity of secrecy and insinuation his eyes had. You oughtn to take no walk in new shoes hot weather. The hiker looked down at the dusty yellow shoes. Didnt have no other shoes, he said. Guy got to wear em if he grot no others. The driver squinted judiciously ahead and built up the speed of the truck a little. Coin far? Uh-uh! Fd a walked her if my dogs wasnt pooped out. The questions of the driver had the tone of a subtle exam- ination. He seemed to spread nets, to set traps with his ques- tions. Lookin for a job? he asked. No, my old man got a place, forty acres. Hes a cropper, but we been there a long time. The driver looked significantly at the fields along the road where the com was fallen sideways and the dust was piled on it. Little flints shoved through the dusty soil. The driver said, as though to himself, A forty-acre cropper and he aint been dusted out and he aint been tractored out?  Course I aint heard lately, said the hitch-hiker. The Grapes of Wrath 13 'Long time, said the driver. A bee flew into the cab and buzzed in back of the windshield. The driver put out his hand and carefully drove the bee into an air stream that blew it out of the window. Croppers going fast now, he said. One cat takes and shoves ten families out. Cats all over hell now. Tear in and shove the croppers out. Hows your old man hold on? His tongue and his jaws became busy with the neglected gum, turned it and chewed it. With each open- ing of his mouth his tongue could be seen flipping the gum over. Well, I aint heard lately. I never was no hand to write, nor my old man neither. He added quickly, But the both of us can, if we want. Been doing a job? Again the secret investigating casual- ness. He looked out over the fields, at the shimmering air, and gathering his gum into his cheek, out of the way, he spat out the window. Sure have, said the hitch-hiker. Thought so. I seen your hands. Been swingin a pick or an ax or a sledge. That shines up your hands. I notice all stuff like that. Take a pride in it. The hitch-hiker stared at him. The truck tires sang on the road. Like to know anything else? Ill tell you. You aint got to guess. Now dont get sore. I wasnt gettin nosy. Ill tell you anything. I aint hidin nothin. Now dont get sore. I just like to notice things. Makes the time pass. Ill tell you anything. Names Joad, Tom Joa d. Old man is ol Tom Joad. His eyes rested broodingly on the driver. Dont get sore. I didnt mean nothin. I dont mean nothin neither, said Joad. Im just tryirf i4 The Grapes of Wrath to get along without shovin' nobody around." He stopped and looked out at the dry fields, at the starved tree clumps hanging uneasily in the heated distance. From his side pocket he brought out his tobacco and papers. He rolled his cigarette down between his knees, where the wind could not get at it. The driver chewed as rhythmically, as thoughtfully, as a cow. He waited to let the whole emphasis of the preceding passage disappear and be forgotten. At last, when the air seemed neutral again, he said, A guy that never been a truck skinner don't know nothin what its like. Owners don't want us to pick up nobody. So we got to set here an' just skin her along 'less we want to take a chance of gettln' fired like I just done with you."  'Predate it," said Joad. Ive knew guys that done screwy things while they're drivin' trucks. I remember a guy use to make up poetry. It passed the time. He looked over secretly to see whether Joad was interested or amazed. Joad was silent, looking into the distance ahead, along the road, along the white road that waved gently, like a ground swell. The driver went on at last, I remember a piece of poetry this here guy wrote down. It was about him an a couple other guys goin' all over the world drinkin and raisin hell and screwin around. I wisht 1 could remember how that piece went. This guy had words in it that Jesus H. Christ wouldn't know what they meant. Part was like this An there we spied a nigger, with a trigger that was bigger than a elephants proboscis or the whanger of a whale. That proboscis is a nose-like. With a elephant its his trunk. Guy showed me in a dictionary. Car- ried that dictionary all over hell with him. Hed look in it while hes pulled up gettin his pie an coffee, He stopped. The Grapes of Wrath 15 feeling lonely in the long speech. His secret eyes turned on his passenger. Joad remained silent. Nervously the driver tried to force him into participation. Ever know a guy that said big words like that? Preacher, said Joad. W ell, it makes you mad to hear a guy use big words. 'Course with a preacher its all right because nobody would fool around with a preacher anyway. But this guy was funny. You didnt give a damn when he said a big word cause he just done it for ducks. He wasnt puttin on no dog. The driver was reassured. He knew at least that Joad was listening. He swung the great truck viciously around a bend and the tires shrilled. Like I was sayin, he continued, guy that drives a truck does screwy things. He got to. Hed go nuts just settin here an the road sneakin under the wheels. Fella says once that truck skinners eats all the time- all the time in hamburger joints along the road. Sure seem to live there, Joad agreed. Sure they stop, but it aint to eat. They aint hardly ever hungry. Theyre just goddam sick of goin get sick of it. Joints is the only place you can pull up, an when you stop you got to buy somepin so you can sling the bull with the broad behind the counter. So you get a cup a coffee and a piece pie. Kind of gives a guy a little rest. He chewed his gum slowly and turned it with his tongue. Must be tough, said Joad with no emphasis. The driver glanced quickly at him, looking for satire. Well, it aint no goddamn cinch, he said testily. Looks easy, jus settin here till you put in your eight or maybe your ten or fourteen hours. But the road gets into a guy. Hes got to do somepin. Some sings an some whistles. Com- 1 6 The Grapes of Wrath pany wont let us have no radio. A few takes a pint along but them kind dont stick long. He said the last smugly. I dont never take a drink till Im through. Yeah? Joad asked. Yeah! A guy got to get ahead. Why, Im thinkin of takin one of them correspondence school courses. Mechani- cal engineering. Its easy. Just study a few easy lessons at home. Fm thinkin of it. Then I wont drive no truck. Then Ill tell other guys to drive trucks. Joad took a pint of whisky from his side coat pocket. Sure you wont have a snort? His voice was teasing. No, by God. I wont touch it. A guy cant drink liquor all the time and study like Fm goin to. Joad uncorked the bottle, took two quick swallows, re- corked it, and put it back in his pocket. The spicy hot smell of the whisky filled the cab. Youre all wound up, said joad. Whats the matter got a girl? Well, sure. But I want to get ahead anyway. I been train- ing my mind for a hell of a long time. The whisky seemed to loosen Joad up. He rolled another cigarette and lighted it. I aint got a hell of a lot further tc go, he said. The driver went on quickly, I dont need no shot, he said. I train my mind all the time. I took a course in that two years ago. He patted the steering wheel with his right hand. Suppose I pass a guy on the road. I look at him, an after Fm past I try to remember everthing about him, kind a clothes an shoes an hat, an how he walked an maybe how tall an what weight an any scars. I do it pretty good. I can jus make a whole picture in my head. Sometimes I think I ought to take a course to be a fingerprint expert. Youd be suprised how much a guy can remember. The Grapes of Wrath ty Joad took a quick drink from the flask. He dragged the last smoke from his raveling cigarette and then, with cal- Jused thumb and forefinger, crushed out the glowing end. He rubbed the butt to a pulp and put it out the window, letting the breeze suck it from his fingers. The big tires sang a high note on the pavement. Joads dark quiet eyes became amused as he stared along the road. The driver waited and glanced uneasily over. At last Joads long upper lip grinned up from his teeth and he chuckled silently, his chest jerked with the chuckles. i You sure took a hell of a long time to o-et to it, buddy. The driver did not look over. Get to what? How do you mean?  Joads lips stretched tight over his long teeth for a mo- ment, and he licked his lips like a dog, two licks, one in each direction from the middle. His voice became harsh. You know what I mean. You give me a goin-over when I first got in. I seen you. The driver looked straight ahead, gripped the wheel so tightly that the pads of his palms bulged, and the backs of his hands paled. Joad continued, You know where I come from. The driver was silent. Dont you? Joad insisted. "Well-sure. That is maybe. But it aint none of my busi- ness. I mind my own yard. It aint nothing to me. The words tumbled out now. I dont stick my nose in nobodys business. And suddenly he was silent and waiting. And his hands were still white on the wheel. A grasshopper flipped through the window and lighted on top of the instrument panel, where it sat and began to scrape its wings with its angled jumping legs. Joad reached forward and crushed its hard skull-like head with his fingers, and he let it into the wind stream out the window. Joad chuckled again while he 1 8 The Grapes of Wrath brushed the bits of broken Insect from his fingertips You got me wrong, mister, he said I aint keepin quiet about It Sure I been In McAlester. Been there four years. Sure these is the clothes they give me when I come out. I dont give a damn who knows it. An Im goin to my old mans place so I dont have to lie to get a job. The driver said, Well that aint none of my business. I aint a nosy guy. The hell you aint, said joad. That big old nose of yours been stickin out eight miles ahead of your face. You had that big nose goin over me like a sheep in a vegetable patch.  The drivers face tightened. You got me all wrong he began weakly. Joad laughed at him. You been a good guy. You give me a lift. Well, hell! I done time. So what! You want to know what I done time for, dont you? That aint none of my affair. Nothin aint none of your affair except skinnin this here bull-bitch along, an thats the least thing you work at. Now look. See that road up ahead? Yeah. Well, I get off there. Sure, I know youre wettin your pants to know what I done. I aint a guy to let you down. The high hum of the motor dulled and the song of the tires dropped in pitch, joad got out his pint and took another short drink. The truck drifted to a stop where a dirt road opened at right angles to the highway. Joad got out and stood beside the cab window. The vertical exhaust pipe puttered up its barely visible blue smoke, joad leaned toward the driver. Homicide, he said quickly Thats a big word The Grapes of Wrath 19 means I killed a guy. Seven years. Im sprung in four for keepin my nose clean. The driver s eyes slipped over Joads face to memorize it. I never asked you nothin about it, he said. I mind my own yard. You can tell about it in every joint from here to Texola. He smiled. So long, fella. You been a good guy. But look, when you been in stir a little while, you can smell a question cornin from hell to breakfast. You telegraphed yours the first time you opened your trap. He spatted the metal door with the palm of his hand. Thanks for the lift, he said. So long. He turned away and walked into the dirt road. For a moment the driver stared after him, and then he called, Luck! Joad waved his hand without looking around. Then the motor roared up and the gears clicked and the great red truck rolled heavily away. Chapter Three rTHE concrete highway was edged with a mat of I tangled, broken, dry grass, and the grass- heads were  heavy with oat beards to catch on a dogs coat, and foxtails to tangle in a horses fetlocks, and clover burrs to fasten in sheeps wool; sleeping life waiting to be spread and dispersed, every seed armed with an appliance of dispersal twisting darts and parachutes for the wind, little spears and balls of tiny thorns, and all waiting for animals and for the wind, for a mans trouser cuff or the hem of a womans skirt, all passive but armed with appliances of activity, still, but each possessed of the anlage of movement. The sun lay on the grass and warmed it, and in the shade under the grass the insects moved, ants and ant lions to set traps for them, grasshoppers to jump into the air and flick their yellow wings for a second, sow bugs like little arma- dillos, plodding restlessly on many tender feet. And over the grass at the roadside a land turtle crawled, turning aside for nothing, dragging his high-domed shell over the grass. His hard legs and yellow-nailed feet threshed slowly through the grass, not really walking, but boosting and dragging his shell along. The barley beards slid off his shell, and the clover burrs fell on him and rolled to the ground. His horny beak was partly open, and his fierce, humorous eyes, under brows like fingernails, stared straight ahead. He came over the grass leaving a beaten trail behind him, and the hill, which was the 20 The Grapes of Wrath 2 1 highway embankment, reared up ahead of him. For a mo- ment he stopped, his head held high. He blinked and looked up and down. At last he started to climb the embankment. Front clawed feet reached forward but did not touch. The hind feet kicked his shell along, and it scraped on the grass, and on the gravel. As the embankment grew steeper and steeper, the more frantic were the efforts of die land turtle. Pushing hind legs strained and slipped, boosting the shell along, and the horny head protruded as far as the neck could stretch. Little by little the shell slid up the embankment until at last a parapet cut straight across its line of march, the shoulder of the road, a concrete wall four inches high. As though they worked independently the hind legs pushed the shell against the wall. The head upraised and peered over the wall to the broad smooth plain of cement. Now the hands, braced on top of the wall, strained and lifted, and the shell came slowly up and rested its front end on the wall. For a. moment the turtle rested. A red ant ran into the shell, into the soft skin inside the shell, and suddenly head and legs snapped in, and the armored tail clamped in sideways. The red ant was crushed between body and legs. And one head of wild oats was clamped into the shell by a front leg. For a long moment the turtle lay still, and then the neck crept out and the old humorous frowning eyes looked about and the legs and tail came out. The back legs went to work, strain- ing like elephant legs, and the shell tipped to an angle so that the front legs could not reach the level cement plain. But higher and higher the hind legs boosted it, until at last the center of balance was reached, the front tipped down, the front legs scratched at the pavement, and it was up. But the head of wild oats was held by its stem around the front legs. Now the going was easy, and all the legs worked, and the 22 The Grapes of Wrath shell boosted along, waggling from side to side. A sedan driven by a forty-year old woman approached. She saw the, turtle and swung to the right, off the highway, the wheels screamed and a cloud of dust boiled up. Two wheels lifted for a moment and then settled. The car skidded back onto the road, and went on, but more slowly. The turtle had jerked into its shell, but now it hurried on, for the highway was burning hot. And now a light truck approached, and as it came near, the driver saw the turtle and swerved to hit it. His front wheel struck the edge of the shell, flipped the turtle like a tiddly-wink, spun it like a coin, and rolled it off the high- way. The truck went back to its course along the right side. Lying on its back, the turtle was tight in its shell for a long time. But at last its legs waved in the air, reaching for some- thing to pull it over. Its front foot caught a piece of quartz and little by little the shell pulled over and flopped upright. The wild oat head fell out and three of the spearhead seeds stuck in the ground. And as the turtle crawled on down the embankment, its shell dragged dirt over the seeds. The turtle entered a dust road and jerked itself along, drawing a wavy shallow trench in the dust with its shell. The old humorous eyes looked ahead, and the horny beak opened a little. His yellow toe nails slipped a fraction in the dust. Chapter Four W HEN Joad heard the truck get under way, gear climbing up to gear and the ground throb- bing under the rubber beating of the tires, he stopped and turned about and watched it until it disappeared, When it was out of sight he still watched the distance and the blue air-shimmer. Thoughtfully he took the pint from his pocket, unscrewed the metal cap, and sipped the whisky deli- cately, running his tongue inside the bottle neck, and then around his lips, to gather in any flavor that might have es- caped him. He said experimentally, There we spied a nig- ger  and that was all he could remember. At last he turned about and faced the dusty side road that cut off at right angles through the fields. The sun was hot, and no wind stirred the . sifted dust. The road was cut with furrows where dust had slid and settled back into the wheel tracks. Joad took a few steps, and the flourlike dust spurted up in front of his new yellow shoes, and the yellowness was disappearing under gray dust. He leaned down and untied the laces, slipped off first one shoe and then the other. And he worked his damp feet corn fortably in the hot dry dust until little spurts of it came up between his toes, and until the skin on his feet tightened with dryness. He took off his coat and wrapped his shoes in it and slipped the bundle under his arm. And at last he moved up the road, shooting the dust ahead of him, making a cloud that hung low to the ground behind him. 23 24 The Grapes of Wrath The right of way was fenced, two strands of barbed wire on willow poles. The poles were crooked and badly trimmed. Whenever a crotch came to the proper height the wire lay in it, and where there was no crotch the barbed wire was lashed to the post with rusty baling wire. Beyond the fence, the com lay beaten down by wind and heat and drought, and the cups where leaf joined stalk were filled with dust. Joad plodded along, dragging his cloud of dust behind him. A little bit ahead he saw the high-domed shell of a land turtle, crawling slowly along through the dust, its legs working stiffly and jerkily. Joad stopped to watch it, and his shadow t? fell on the turtle. Instantly head and legs were withdrawn nd the short thick tail clamped sideways into the shell. Joad picked it up and turned it over. The back was brown- gray, like the dust, but the underside of the shell was creamy yellow, clean and smooth. Joad shifted his bundle high tinder his arm and stroked the smooth undershell with his finger, and he pressed it. It was softer than the back. The hard old head came out and tried to look at the pressing finger, and the legs waved wildly. The turtle wetted on Joads hand and struggled uselessly in the air. Joad turned it back upright and rolled it up in his coat with his shoes. He could feel it pressing and struggling and fussing under his arm. He moved ahead more quickly now, dragging his heels a little in the 'fine dust. ' Ahead of him, beside the road, a scrawny, dusty willow tree cast a speckled shade. Joad could see it ahead of him, its poor branches curving over the way, its load of leaves tat- tered and scraggly as a molting chicken. Joad was sweating now. His blue shirt darkened down his back and under his arms. He pulled at the visor of his cap and creased it in the middle, breaking its cardboard lining so completely that it The Grapes of Wrath 25 could never look new again. And his steps took on new speed and intent toward the shade of the distant willow tree. At the willow he knew there would be shade, at least one hard bar of absolute shade thrown by the trunk, since the sun had passed its zenith. The sun whipped the back of his neck now and made a little humming in his head. He could not see the base of the tree, for it grew out of a little swale that held water longer than the level places. Joad speeded his pace against the sun, and he started down the declivity. He slowed cautiously, for the bar of absolute shade was taken, , A man sat on the ground, leaning against the trunk of the tree. His legs were crossed and one bare foot extended nearly as high as his head. He did not hear Joad approaching, for he was whistling solemnly the tune of Yes, Sir, Thats My Baby. His extended foot swung slowly up and down in the tempo. It was not dance tempo. He stopped whistling and sang in an easy thin tenor T  Yes, sir, thats my Saviour, Jesus is my Saviour, Je sus is my Saviour now.  On the level 5 S not the devil, Jesus is my Saviour now, Joad had moved into the imperfect shade of the molting leaves before the man heard him coming, stopped his song, and turned his head. It was a long.. head r b ony,- tight of skin, and set on a neck as stringy and muscular as a celery stalk, f, His eyeballs were heavy and protruding; the lids stretched to cover them, and the lids were raw and red. His cheeks were brown and shiny and hairless and his mouth full- humorous or sensual. The nose, beaked and hard v stretched     . 2 6 The Grapes of Wrath the skin so tightly that the bridge showed white. There was no perspiration on the face, not even on the tall pale forehead. It was an abnormally high forehead, lined with delicate blue veins at the temples. Fully half of the face was above the eyes. His stiff gray hair was mussed back from his brow as though he had combed it back with his lingers. For clothes he wore overalls and a blue shirt. A denim coat with brass buttons and a spotted brown hat creased like a pork pie lay on the ground beside him. Canvas sneakers, gray with dust, lay near by where they had fallen when they were kicked off. The man looked long at Joad. The light seemed to go far into his brown eyes, and it picked out little golden specks deep in the irises. The strained bundle of neck muscles stood out. Joad stood still in the speckled shade. He took off his cap and mopped his wet face with it and dropped it and his rolled coat on the ground. The man in the absolute shade uncrossed his legs and dug vvith his toes at the earth. Joad said, Hi. Its hottern hell on the road. The seated man stared questioningly at him. Now aint you young Tom Joad ol Toms boy? Yeah, said Joad. All the way. Coin 5 home now. You wouldn remember me, I guess, the man said. He smiled and his full lips revealed great horse teeth. Oh, no, you wouldnt remember. You was always too busy pullin little girls pigtails when I give you the Holy Sperit. You was all wropped up in yankin that pigtail out by the roots. You maybe dont recollect, but I do. The two of you come to Jesus at once cause of that pigtail yankin. Baptized both of The Grapes of Wrath 27 you in the irrigation ditch at once. Fightin an yellin like a couple a cats. Joad looked at him with drooped eyes and then he laughed. 4 Why, youre the preacher. Youre the preacher. I jus passed a recollection about you to a guy not an hour ?5 ago- I was a preacher, said the man seriously. Reverend Jim Casy was a Burning Busher. Used to howl out the name of Jesus to glory. And used to get an irrigation ditch so squirm- in full of repented sinners half of em like to drownded. But not no more, he sighed. Just Jim Casy now. Aint got the call no more. Got a lot of sinful idears but they seem kinda sensible. Joad said, Youre bound to get idears if you go thinkin about stuff. Sure I remember you. You use ta give a good meetin. I recollect one time you give a whole sermon walkin around on your hands, yellin your head off. Ma favored you more than anybody. An Granma says you was just lousy with the spirit. Joad dug at his rolled coat and found the pocket and brought out his pint. The turtle moved a leg but he wrapped it up tightly. He unscrewed the cap and held out the bottle. Have a little snort? Casy took the bottle and regarded it broodingly. I aint preachin no more much. The sperit aint in the people much no more; and worsen that, the sperit aint in me no more. Course now an again the sperit gets movin an I rip out a meetin, or when folks sets out food I give em a grace, but my heart aint in it. I ony do it cause they expect it Joad mopped his face with his cap again. You aint too damn holy to take a drink, are you? he asked. Casy seemed to see the bottle for the first time. He tilted 28 The Grapes of Wrath it and took three big swallows. Nice drinkin liquor, he said. Ought to be, said Joad. Thats factry liquor. Cost a buck. Casy took another swallow before he passed the bottle back. Yes, sir! he said. Yes, sir! Joad took the bottle from him, and in politeness did not wipe the neck with his sleeve before he drank. He squatted on his hams and set the bottle upright against his coat roll. His fingers found a twig with which to draw his thoughts on the ground; He swept the leaves from a square and smoothed the dust. And he drew angles and made little cir- cles. I aint seen you in a long time, he said. Nobody seen me, said the preacher. I went off alone, an I sat and figured. The sperits strong in me, ony it aint the same. I aint so sure of a lot of things. He sat up straighter against the tree. His bony hand dug its way like a squirrel into his overall pocket, brought out a black, bitten plug of tobacco. Carefully he brushed off bits of straw and gray pocket fuzz before he bit off a comer and settled the quid into his cheek. Joad waved his stick in negation when the plug was held out to him. The turtle dug at the rolled coat. Casy looked over at the stirring garment.. What you got there a chicken? Youll smother it. Joad rolled the coat up more tightly. An old turtle, he said. Picked him up on the road. An old bulldozer. Thought Id take im to my little brother. Kids like turtles. The preacher nodded his head slowly. Every kid got a turtle some time or other. Nobody cant keep a turtle though. They work at it and work at it, and at last one day they get out and away they go-off somewheres. Its like me. I wouldn take the good ol gospel that was just layin there The Grapes of Wrath 29 to my hand. I got to be pickin at it an workin at it until I got it all tore down. Here I got the sperit sometimes an nothin to preach about. I got the call to lead people, an no place to lead em. Lead, em around and around, said Joad. Sling em in the irrigation ditch. Tell em theyll bum in hell if they dont think like you. What the hell you want to lead em some- place for? jus lead em. The straight trunk shade had stretched out along the ground. Joad moved gratefully into it and squatted on his hams and made a new smooth place on which to draw his thoughts with a stick. A thick-furred yel- low shepherd dog came trotting down the road, head low. tongue lolling and dripping. Its tail hung limply curled, and it panted loudly. Joad whistled at it, but it only dropped its head an inch and trotted fast toward some definite destina tion. Coin someplace, Joad explained, a little piqued. 'Coin for home maybe. The preacher could not be thrown from his subject. u Goin someplace, he repeated. Thats right, hes goin someplace. Me I dont know where Im goin Tell you what I used ta get the people jumpin an talkin in tongues, an glory-shoutin till they just fell down an passed out. An some Id baptize to bring em to. An then-you know what Id do? Id take one of them girls out in the grass, an Id lay with her. Done it ever time. Then Id feel bad, an Id pray an pray, but it didnt do no good. Come the nex time, them an, me was full of the sperit, Id do it again. I figgered there just wasnt no hope for me, an I was a damned o Y hypocrite. But I didnt mean to be. Joad smiled and his long teeth parted and he licked his lips. There aint nothing like a good hot meetin for pushin f em over, he said. I done that myself. 30 The Grapes of Wrath Casy leaned forward excitedly. You see, he cried, I seen it was that way, an I started thinkin. He waved his bony big-knuckled hand up and down in a patting gesture. I got to thinkin like this Heres me preachin grace. An heres them people gettin grace so hard theyre jumpin an shoutin. Now they say layin up with a girl comes from the devil. But the more grace a girl got in her, the quicker she wants to go out in the grass. An I got to thinkin how in hell, scuse me, how can the devil get in when a girl is so full of the Holy Sperit that its spoutin out of her nose an ears. Youd think thatd be one time when the devil didnt stand a snowballs chance in hell. But there it was. His eyes were shining with excitement. He worked his cheeks for a mo- ment and then spat into the dust, and the gob of spit rolled over and over, picking up dust until it looked like a round dry little pellet. The preacher spread out his hand and looked at his palm as though he were reading a book. An theres me, he went on softly. Theres me with all them peoples souls in my han responsible an feelin my responsibility an 5 ever time, I lay with one of them girls. He looked over at Joad and his face looked helpless. His expression asked for help. Joad carefully drew the torso of a woman in the dirt, breasts, hips, pelvis. I wasnt never a preacher, he said. I never let nothin get by when I could catch it. An I never had no idears about it except I was goddamn glad when I got one. But you wasnt a preacher, Casy insisted. A girl was just a girl to you. They wasnt nothin to you. But to me they was holy vessels. I was savin their souls. An here with all that responsibility on me Id just get em frothin with the Holy Sperit, an then Id take em out in the grass. The Grapes of Wrath 3 1 Maybe I should of been a preacher, said Joad. He brought out his tobacco and papers and rolled a cigarette. He lighted it and squinted through the smoke at the preacher. 1 been a long time without a girl, he said. Its gonna take ome catchin up. Casy continued, It worried me till I couldnt get no sleep. Here Fd go to preachin and Fd say, By God, this time I  gonna do it. And right while I said it, I knowed I was. You should a got a wife, said Joad. Preacher an his wife stayed at our place one time, jehovites they was. Slep upstairs. Held meetins in our barnyard. Us kids would listen. That preachers missus took a godawful poundin after ever night meetinh Im glad you toF me, said Casy. I use to think it was jus me. Finally it give me such pain I quit an went off by myself an give her a damn good thinkin about. He doubled up his legs and scratched between his dry dusty toes. I says to myself, Whats gnawin you? Is it the screwin? An I says, No, its the sin. An I says, Why is it that when a fella ought to be just about mule-ass proof against sin, an all full up of Jesus, why is it thats the time a fella gets fingerin his pants buttons?  He laid two fingers down in his palm in rhythm, as though he gently placed each word there side by side. I says, Maybe it aint a sin. Maybe its just the way folks is. Maybe we been whippin the hell out of ourselves for nothin. An I thought how some sisters took to bearin theirselves with a three-foot shag of bobwire. An I thought how maybe they liked to hurt themselves, an maybe I liked to hurt myself. Well, I was lay in under a tree when I figured that out, and I went to sleep. And it come night, an it was dark when I come to. They was a coyote squawkin near by. Before I knowed it, I was sayin out loud, The hell with it!   .  Vt    . I   fa M H raMHrag 32 ihe Grapes of Wrath There aint no sin and there aint no virtue. Theres just stuff people do. Its all part of the same thing. And some of the things folks do is nice, and some aint nice, but thats as far as any man got a right to say.  He paused and looked up from the palm of his hand, where he had laid down the words. Joad was grinning at him, but Joads eyes were sharp and interested, too. You give her a goin-over, he said. You figured her out. . Casy spoke again, and his voice rang with pain and con- fusion. I says, Whats this call, this spent? An I says, Its love. I love people so much Im fit to bust, sometimes. n I says, Dont you love Jesus? Well, I thought an thought, an finally I says, No, I dont know nobody name Jesus. I know a bunch of stories, but I only love people. An' sometimes I love em fit to bust, an I want to make em happy, so I been preachin somepin I thought would make em happy. An then I been talkin a hell of a lot. Maybe you wonder about me using bad words. Well, they aint bad to me no more. Theyre jus words folks use, an they dont mean nothing bad with em. Anyways, Ill tell you one more thing I thought out; an from a preacher its the most unre- ligious thing, and I cant be a preacher no more because I thought it an I believe it  Whats that? Joad asked. Casy looked shyly at him. If it hits you wrong, dont take no offense at it, will you? I dont take no offense cept a bust in the nose, said Joad. What did you figger? I hggered about the Holy Sperit and the Jesus road. I figgered, Why do we got to hang it on God or Jesus? Maybe, I figgered, maybe its all men an all women we love; The Grapes of Wrath 33 maybe that s the Holy Sperit the human sperit the whole shebang. Maybe all men got one big soul everbodys a part of. Now I sat there thinkin it, an all of a suddent  I knew it. I knew it so deep down that it was true, and I still know it. Joads eyes dropped to the ground, as though he could not meet the naked honesty in the preachers eyes. You cant hold no church with idears like that, he said. People would drive you out of the country with idears like that. Jumpin an yellin . That s what folks like. Makes em feel swell. When Granma got to talkin in tongues, you couldnt tie her down. She could knock over a full-growed deacon with her fist. Casy regarded him broodingly. Somepin I like to ast you, he said. Somepin that been eatin on me. Go ahead. Ill talk, sometimes. _ Well the preacher said slowly-heres you that I bap- tized right when I was in the glory roof-tree. Got little hunks of Jesus jumpin outa my mouth that day. You wont remember cause you was busy pullin that pigtail. I remember, said Joad. That was Susy Little. She bust my finger a year later. Well did you take any good outa that baptizin? Was your ways better? Joad thought about it. No-o-o, cant say as I felt any- thing. Well did you take any bad from it? Think hard. Joad picked up the bottle and took a swig. They wasnt nothing in it, good or bad. I just had fun. He handed the flask to the preacher. He sighed and drank and looked at the low level of the 'whisky and took another tiny drink. Thats good, he said 34 The Grapes of Wrath K I got to worryin about whether in messin around maybe I done somebody a hurt. Joad looked over toward his coat and saw the turtle, free of the cloth and hurrying away in the direction he had been following when Joad found him. Joad watched him for a moment and then got slowly to his feet and retrieved him and wrapped him in the coat again. I aint got no present for the kids, he said. Nothin but this ok turtle. its a funny thing, the preacher said. I was thimkln about of Tom Joad when you come along. Thinkin Id call in on him.. I used to think he was a godless man. How is Tom? . I dont know how he is. I aint been home in four years. Didnt he write to you? joad was embarrassed. Well, Pa wasnt no hand to write for pretty, or to write for writin. Hed sign up his name as nice as anybody, an lick his pencil. But Pa never did write no letters. He always says what he couldn tell a fella with his mouth wasnt worth leanin on no pencil about. Been out travelin around? Casy asked. Joad regarded him suspiciously. Didnt you hear about me? I was in all the papers. No I never. What? He jerked one leg over the other and settled lower against the tree. The afternoon was ad- vancing rapidly, and a richer tone was growing on the sun. Joad said pleasantly, Mights well tell you now an get it over with. But if you was still preachin I wouldnt tell, fear you get prayin over me. Pie drained the last of the pint and flung it from him, and the flat brown bottle skidded lightly over the dust. I been in McAlester them four years. Casy swung around to him, and his brows lowered so that his tall forehead seemed even taller. Aint wantin to talk The Grapes of Wrath 35 about it, huh? I wont ask you no questions, if you done something bad   Id do what I done-again, said Joad. I killed a guy in a fight. We was drunk at a dance. He got a knife in me, an 1 killed him with a shovel that was layin there. Knocked his head plumb to squash. Casys eyebrows resumed their normal level. You aint ashamed of nothin then? No, said Joad, I aint. I got seven years, account of he had a knife in me. Got out in four parole. Then you aint heard nothin about your folks for four years? Oh, I heard. Ma sent me a card two years ago, an las Christmas Granma sent a card. Jesus, the guys in the cell block laughed! Had a tree an shiny stuff looks like 9ww. It says in potry  Merry Christmas, purty child, Jesus meek an Jesus mild, Underneath the Christmas tree Theres a gif for you from me. I guess Granma never read it. ProbIy got it from a drummer an picked out the one with the mos shiny stuff on it. The guys in my cell block goddamn near died laughin. Jesus Meek they called me after that. Granma never meant it funny; she jus figgered it was so purty she wouldn bother to read it. She lost her glasses the year I went up. Maybe she never did find em. How they treat you in McAlester? Casy asked. Oh, awright. You eat regular, an get clean clothes, and there s places to take a bath. Its pretty nice some ways. Makes it hard not havin no women. Suddenly he laughed. 3 6 ' The Grapes of Wrath 'They was a guy paroled, he said.  Bout a month hes hack for breakin parole. A guy ast him why he bust his parole. Well, hell, he says. They got no conveniences at my old mans place. Got no lectric lights, got no shower baths. There aint no books, an the foods lousy. Says he come back where they got a few conveniences an he eats regular. He says it makes him feel lonesome out there in the open havin to think what to do next. So he stole a car an come back. Joad got out his tobacco and blew a brown paper free of the pack and rolled a cigarette. The guys right, too, he said. Las night, thinkin where Im gonna sleep, I got scared. An I got thinkin about my bunk, an I wonder what the stir-bug I got for a cell mate is doin. Me an some guys had a Strang band goin. Good one. Guy said we ought to go on the radio. An this mornin I didnt know what time to get up. Jus laid there waitin for the bell to go off. Casy chuckled. Fella can get so he misses the noise of a saw mill. The yellowing, dusty, afternoon light put a golden color on the land. The cornstalks looked golden. A flight of swal- lows swooped overhead toward some waterhole. The turtle in Joads coat began a new campaign of escape. Joad creased the visor of his cap. It was getting the long protruding curve of a crows beak now. Guess Ill mosey along, he said. I hate to hit the sun, but it aint so bad now. Casy pulled himself together. I aint seen ol Tom in a bugs age, he said. I was gonna look in on him anyways. I brang Jesus to your folks for a long time, an I never took up a collection nor nothin but a bite to eat. Come along, said Joad. Pall be glad to see you. He always said you got too long a pecker for a preacher. He The Grapes of Wrath 37 picked up his coat roll and tightened it snugly about his shoes and turtle. Casy gathered in his canvas sneakers and shoved his bare feet into them. I aint got your confidence, he said. Firs  always scared theres wire or glass under the dust. I dont know nothin 1 hate so much as a cut toe. They hesitated on the edge of the shade and then they plunged into the yellow sunlight like two swimmers hasten- ing to get to shore. After a few fast steps they slowed to a gentle, thoughtful pace. The cornstalks threw gray shadows sideways now, and the raw smell of hot dust was in the air, The com field ended and dark green cotton took its place, dark green leaves through a film of dust, and the bolls form- ing. It was spotty cotton, thick in the low places where water had stood, and bare on the high places. The plants strove against the sun. And distance, toward the horizon, was tan to invisibility. The dust road stretched out ahead of them, waving up and down. The. willows of a stream lined across the west, and to the northwest a fallow section was going back to sparse brush. But the smell of burned dust was in the air, and the air was dry, so that mucus in the nose dried to a crust, and the eyes watered to keep the eyeballs from drying out. Casy said, See how good the corn come along until the dust got up. Been a dinger of a crop. Ever year, said Joad. Ever year I can remember, we had a good crop cornin an it never come. Grampa says she was good the first five plowins, while the wild grass was still in her. The road dropped down a little hill and climbed up another rolling hill. Casy said, OF Toms house cant be moren a mile from here. Aint she over that third rise? 38 The Grapes of Wrath Sure, said joad.  Less somebody stole it, like Pa stole it. Your pa stole it? Sure, got it a mile an a half east of here an drug it. Was a family livin there, an they moved away. Grampa an Pa an my brother Noah like to took the whole house, but she wouldn come. They only got part of her. Thats why she looks so funny on one end. They cut her in two an drug her over with twelve head of horses and two mules. They was goin back for the other half an stick her together again, but before they got there Wink Manley come with his boys and stole the other half. Pa an Grampa was pretty sore, but a little later them an Wink got drunk together an laughed their heads off about it. Wink, he says his house is at stud, an if well bring ourn over an breed em well maybe gee a litter of crap houses. Wink was a great oY fella when he was drunk. After that him an Pa an Grampa was friends. Got drunk together ever chance they got. Toms a great one, Casy agreed. They plodded dustily on down to the bottom of the draw, and then slowed their steps for the rise. Casy wiped his forehead with his sleeve and put on his flat-topped hat again. Yes, he repeated, Tom was a great one. For a godless man he was a great one. I seen him in meetin sometimes when the sperit got into him just a little, an I seen him take ten-twelve foot jumps,, I tell you when o Y Tom got a dose of the Holy Sperit you got to move fast to keep from gettin run down an tromped. Jumpy as a stud horse in a box stall. They topped the next rise and the road dropped into an old water-cut, ugly and raw, a ragged course, and freshet scars cutting into it from both sides. A few stones were in The Grapes of Wrath 39 the crossing. Joad minced across in his bare feet. Yon talk about Pa, he said. Maybe you never seen Uncle John the time they baptized him over to Polks place. Why, he got to plungin an jumpin. Jumped over a feeny bush as big as a piana. Over hed jump, an back hed jump, howlin like a dog-wolf in moon time. Well, Pa seen him, an Pa, he flggers hes the bes Jesus-jumper in these parts. So Pa picks out a feeny bush bout twicet as big as Uncle Johns feeny bush, and Pa lets out a squawk like a sow litterin broken bottles, an he takes a run at that feeny bush an clears her an bust his right leg. That took the sperit out of Pa. Preacher wants to pray it set, but Pa says, no, by God, hed got his heart full of havin a doctor. Well, they wasnt a doctor, but they was a travelin dentist, an he set her. Preacher give her a prayin over anyways. They plodded up the little rise on the other side of the water-cut. Now that the sun was on the wane some of its im- pact was gone, and while the air was hot, the hammering rays were weaker. The strung wire on crooked poles still edged the road. On the right-hand side a line of wire fence strung out across the cotton field, and the dusty green cotton was the same on both sides, dusty and dry and dark green. Joad pointed to the boundary fence. That theres our line. We didnt really need no fence there, but we had the wire, an Pa kinda liked her there. Said it give him a feelin that forty was forty. Wouldnt of had the fence if Uncle John didn come drivin in one night with six spools of wire in his wagon. He give em to Pa for a shoat. We never did know where he got that wire. They slowed for the rise, moving their feet in the deep soft dust, feeling the earth with their feet. Joads eyes were inward on his memory. He 40 I he Grapes of Wrath seemed to be laughing inside himself. Uncle John was a crazy bastard, he said. Like what he done with that shoat He chuckled and walked on. Jim Casy waited impatiently. The story did not continue. Casy gave it a good long time to come out. Well, whatd he do with that shoat?  he demanded at last, with some irri- tation. Huh? Oh! Well, he killed that shoat right there, an 5 he got Ma to light up the stove. He cut out pork chops an 5 put em in the pan, an" he put ribs an" a leg in the oven. He et chops till the ribs was done, an" he et ribs till the leg was done. An" then he tore into that leg. Cut off big hunks of her an shoved em in his mouth. Us kids hung around slaverin, an he give us some, but he wouldn give Pa none. By an by he et so much he throwed up an went to sleep. While hes asleep us kids an Pa finished off the leg. Well, when Uncle John woke up in the mornin he slaps another leg in the oven. Pa says, f Jhn, you gonna eat that whole damn pig? An he says, I aim to, Tom, but Im scairt some of herll spoil fore I get her et,  hungry as I am for pork. Maybe you better get a plate an gimme back a couple rolls of wire Well, sir, Pa wasnt no fool. He jus let Uncle John go on an eat himself sick of pig, an when he drove off he hadnt et much moren half. Pa says, Whynt you salt her down? But not Uncle John; when he wants pig he wants a whole pig, an when hes through, he dont want no pig bangin around. So off he goes, and Pa salts down whats left. Casy said, While I was still in the preachin sperit Id a made a lesson of that an spoke it to you, but I dont do that no more. What you spose he done a thing like that for? I dunno, said Joad. He jus got hungry for pork. The Grapes of Wrath 41 Makes me hungry jus to think of it. I had jus four slices of roastin pork in four years one slice ever Christmus. Casy suggested elaborately, Maybe Tomll kill the fatted calf like for the prodigal in Scripture. Joad laughed scornfully. You dont know Pa. If he kills a chicken most of the squawkin will come from Pa, not the chicken. He dont never learn. Hes always savin a pig for Christmus and then it dies in September of bloat or somepin so you cant eat it. When Uncle John wanted pork he et pork. He had her. They moved over the curving top of the hill and saw the Joad place below them. And Joad stopped. It aint the same, he said. Looka that house. Somepins happened They aint nobody there. The two stood and stared at tb' little cluster of buildings. s Chapter Five T HE owners of the land came onto the land, or more often a spokesman for the owners came. They came in closed cars, and they felt the dry earth with their fingers, and sometimes they drove big earth augers into the ground for soil tests. The tenants, from their sun-beaten dooryards, watched uneasily when the closed cars drove along the fields. And at last the owner men drove into the dooryards and sat in their cars to talk out of the windows. The tenant men stood beside the cars for a while, and then squatted on their hams and found sticks with which to mark the dust. In the open doors the women stood looking out, and be-, hind them the childrencorn-headed children, with wide eyes, one bare foot on top of the other bare foot, and the toes working. The women and the children watched their men talking to the owner men. They were silent. Some of the owner men were kind because they hated what they had to do, and some of them were angry because they hated to be cruel, and some of them were cold because they had long ago found that one could not be an owner unless one were cold. And all of them were caught in some- thing larger than themselves. Some of them hated the mathe- matics that drove them, and some were afraid, and some worshiped the mathematics because it provided a refuge from thought and from feeling. If a bank or a finance com- The Grapes of Wrath 43 pany owned the land, the owner man said, The Bank 01 the Company needs wants insists must have-as though the Bank or the Company were a monster, with thought and feeling, which had ensnared them. These last would take no responsibility for the banks or the companies because they were men and slaves, while the banks were machines and masters all at the same time. Some of the owner men were a little proud to be slaves to such cold and powerful masters The owner men sat in the cars and explained. You know the land is poor. Youve scrabbled at it long enough, God knows. The squatting tenant men nodded and wondered and drew figures in the dust, and yes, they knew, God knows. If the dust only wouldnt fly. If the top would only stay on the soil, it might not be so bad. The owner men went on leading to their point You know the lands getting poorer. You know what cotton does to the land; robs it, sucks all the blood out of it. The squatters nodded-they knew, God knew. If they could only rotate the crops they might pump blood back into the land. Well, its too late. And the owner men explained the work- ings and the thinkings of the monster that was stronger than they were. A man can hold land if he can just eat and pay taxes; he can do that. Yes, he can do that until his crops fail one day and he has to borrow money from the bank. But you see, a bank or a company cant do that, because those creatures dont breathe air, dont eat side-meat. They breathe profits; they eat the interest on money. If they dont get it, they die the way you die without air, without side- meat. It is a sad thing, but it is so. It is just so. _ The squatting men raised their eyes to understand. Can 44 The Grapes of Wrath , we just hang on? Maybe the next year will be a good year God knows how much cotton next year- And with all the wars God knows what price cotton will bring. Don't they make explosives out of cotton? And uniforms? Get enough wars and cottonll hit the ceiling. Next year, maybe. They looked up questioningly. We cant depend on it. The bank the monster has to have profits all the time. It cant wait. Itll die. No, taxes go on. When the monster stops growing, it dies. It cant stay one size. Soft fingers began to tap the sill of the car window, and hard fingers tightened on the restless drawing sticks. In the doorways of the sun-beaten tenant houses, women sighed and then shifted feet so that the one that had been down was now on top, and the toes working. Dogs came sniffing near the owner cars and wetted on all four tires one after another. And chickens lay in the sunny dust and fluffed their feath- ers to get the cleansing dust down to the skin. In the little sties the pigs grunted inquiringly over the muddy remnants of the slops. The squatting men looked down again. What do you want us to do? We cant take less share of the crop were half .starved now. The kids are hungry all the time. We got no clothes, torn an ragged. If all the neighbors werent the same, wed be ashamed to go to meeting. And at last the owner men came to the point. The tenant system wont work any more. One man on a tractor can take the place of twelve or fourteen families. Pay him a wage and take all the crop. We have to do it. We dont like to do it. But the monsters sick. Somethings happened to the monster. But youll kill the land with cotton The Grapes of Wrath  . 45 1 We know. Weve got to take cotton quick before the land dies. Then well sell the land. Lots of families in the East Would like to own a piece of land. The tenant men looked up alarmed. But whatll happen to us? Howll we eat? Youll have to get off the land. The plowsll go through the dooryard. And now the squatting men stood up angrily. Gramp took up the land, and he had to kill the Indians and drive them away. And Pa was born here, and he killed weeds and snakes. Then a bad year came and he had to borrow a little money. An we was bom here. There in the door our chil- dren bom here. And Pa had to borrow money. The bank owned the land then, but we stayed and we got a little bit 5f what we raised. We know that all that. Its not us, its the bank. A bank isnt like a man. Or an owner with fifty thousand acres, he isnt like a man either. Thats the monster. Sure, cried the tenant men, but its our land. We measured it and broke it up. We were born on it, and we got killed on it, died on it. Even if its no good, its still ours. Thats what makes it ours being bom on it, working it, dying on it. That makes ownership, not a paper with numbers on it. Were sorry. Its not us. Its the monster. The bank isnt like a man. Yes, but the bank is only made of men. No, youre wrong there quite wrong there. The bank is something else than men. It happens that every man in a bank hates what the bank does, and yet the bank does it. The bank is something more than men, I tell you. Its the monster. Men made it, but they cant control it. The tenants cried, Grampa killed Indians, Pa killed snake? 4 6 The Grapes of Wrath for the land. Maybe we can kill banks theyre worse than Indians and snakes. Maybe we got to fight to keep our land, like Pa and Grampa did. And now the owner men grew angry. Youll have to go. But its ours, the tenant men cried. We No. The bank, the monster owns it. Youll have to go. Well get our guns, like Grampa when the Indians came. What then? Well first the sheriff, and then the troops. Youll be steal- ing if you try to stay, youll be murderers if you kill to stay. The monster isnt men, but it can make men do what it wants. But if we go, wherell we go? Howll we go? We got no money. Were sorry, said the owner men. The bank, the fifty- thousand-acre owner cant be responsible. Youre on land that isnt yours. Once over the line maybe you can pick cot-' ton in the fall. Maybe you can go on relief. Why dont you go' on west to California? Theres work there, and it never gets cold. Why, you can reach out anywhere and pick an orange. Why, theres always some kind of crop to work in. Why dont you go there? And the owner men started their cars and rolled away. The tenant men squatted down on their hams again to mark the dust with a stick, to figure, to wonder. Their sun- burned faces were dark, and their sun-whipped eyes were light. The women moved cautiously out of the doorways toward their men, and the children crept behind the women, cautiously, ready to run. The bigger boys squatted beside heir fathers, because that made them men. After a time the vomen asked, What did he want? . And the men looked up for a second, and the smolder of The Grapes of Wrath 47 pain was in their eyes. We got to get off. A tractor and a superintendent. Like factories. Wherell we go? the women asked. We dont know. We dont know. And the women went quickly, quietly back into the houses and herded the children ahead of them. They knew that a man so hurt and so perplexed may turn in anger, even on people he loves. They left the men alone to figure and to wonder in the dust. After a time perhaps the tenant man looked about at the pump put in ten years ago, with a goose-neck handle and iron flowers on the spout, at the chopping block where a thousand chickens had been killed, at the hand plow lying in the shed, and the. patent crib hanging in the rafters over it. The children crowded about the women in the houses. What we going to do, Ma? Where we going to go? The women said, We dont know, yet. Go out and play, But dont go near your father. He might whale you if you. go near him. And the women went on with the work, but all the time they watched the men squatting in the dust per- plexed and figuring. The tractors came over the roads and into the fields, great crawlers moving like insects, having the incredible strength of insects. They crawled over the ground, laying the track and rolling on it and picking it up. Diesel tractors, puttering while they stood idle; they thundered when they moved, and then settled down to a droning roar. Snub-nosed monsters raising the dust and sticking their snouts into it, straight, down the country, across the country, through fences, through dooryards, in and out of gullies in straight lines. They did not run on the ground, but on their own roadbeds. 48 The Grapes of Wrath They ignored hills and gulches, water courses, fences, houses. The man sitting in the iron seat did not look like a man; gloved, goggled, rubber dust mask over nose and mouth, he was a part of the monster, a robot in the seat. The thunder of the cylinders sounded through the country, became one with the air and the earth, so that earth and air muttered in sympathetic vibration. The driver could not control it straight across country it went, cutting through a dozen farms and straight back. A twitch at the controls could swerve the cad, but the drivers hands could not twitch be- cause the monster that built the tractor, the monster that sent the tractor out, had somehow got into the drivers hands, into his brain and muscle, had goggled him and muzzled him. goggled his mind, muzzled his speech, goggled his percep- tion,, muzzled his protest. He could not see the land as it was he could not smell the land as it smelled; his feet did not stamp the clods or feel the warmth and power of the earth. He sat in an iron seat and stepped on iron pedals. He could not cheer or beat or curse or encourage the extension of his power, and because of this he could not cheer or whip or curse or encourage himself. He did not know or own or trust or beseech the land. If a seed dropped did not germinate, it was nothing. If the young thrusting  plant withered in drought or drowned in a flood of rain, it was no more to the driver than to the tractor. He loved the land no more than the bank loved the land. He could admire the tractor its machined surfaces, its surge of power, the roar of its detonating cylinders; but it was not his tractor. Behind the tractor rolled the shining disks, cut- ting the earth with blades not plowing but surgery, pushing the cut earth to the right where the second row of disks cut TThe Grapes of Wrath 49 it and pushed it to the left; slicing blades shining, polished by the cut earth. And pulled behind die disks, the harrows combing with iron teeth so that the little clods broke up and the earth lay smooth. Behind the harrows, the long seeders twelve curved iron penes erected in the foundry, or- gasms set by gears, raping methodically, raping without pas- sion. The driver sat in his iron seat and he was proud of the straight lines he did not will, proud of the tractor he did not own or love, proud of the power he could not control. And when that crop grew, and was harvested, no man had crum- bled a hot clod in his fingers and let the earth sift past his fingertips. No man had touched the seed, or lusted for the growth. Men ate what they had not raised, had no connection with the bread. The land bore under iron, and under iron gradually died; for it was not loved or hated, it had no prayers or curses. At noon the tractor driver stopped sometimes near a ten- ant house and opened his lunch sandwiches wrapped in waxed paper, white bread, pickle, cheese, Spam, a piece of pie branded like an engine part. He ate without relish. And tenants not yet moved away came out to see him, looked curiously while the goggles were taken off, and the rubber, dust mask, leaving white circles around the eyes and a large white circle around nose and mouth. The exhaust of the tractor puttered on, for fuel is so cheap it is more efficient to leave the engine running than to heat the Diesel nose for a new start. Curious children crowded close, ragged children who ate their fried dough as they watched. They watched hungrily the unwrapping of the sandwiches, and. their hun- ger-sharpened noses smelled the pickle, cheese, and Spam. They didnt speak to the driver. They watched his hand an 50 The Grapes of Wrath it carried food to his mouth. They did not watch him, chew- ing; their eyes followed the hand that held the sandwich. After a while the tenant who could not leave the place came out and squatted in the shade besid the tractor. Why, youre Joe Daviss boy! Sure, the 'driver said. Well, what you doing this kind of work for against your own people? Three dollars a day. I got damn sick of creeping for my dinner and not getting it. I got a wife and kids. We got to eat. Three dollars a day, and it comes every day. Thats right, the tenant said. But for your three dollars a day fifteen or twenty families cant eat at all. Nearly a hun- dred people have to go out and wander on the roads for your three dollars a day. Is that right? And the driver said, Cant think of that. Got to think of my own kids. Three dollars a day, and it comes every day. Times are changing, mister, dont you know? Cant make a living on the land unless youve got two, five, ten thousand acres and a tractor. Crop land isnt for little guys like us any more. You dont kick up a howl because you cant make Fords, or because youre not the telephone company. Well, crops are like that now. Nothing to do about it. You try to get three dollars a day someplace. Thats the only way. The tenant pondered. Funny thing how it is. If a man owns a little property, that property is him, its part of him, and its like him. If he owns property only so he can walk on it and handle it and be sad when it isnt doing well, and feel fine when the rain falls on it, that property is him, and some way hes bigger because he owns it. Even if he isnt success- ful hes big with his property. That is so. And the tenant pondered more. But let a man get prop- The Grapes of Wrath 51 erty he doesnt see, or cant take time to get his fingers in, or cant be there to walk on it why, then the property is the man. He cant do what he wants, he cant think what he wants. The property is the man, stronger than he is. And he is small, not big. Only his possessions are big and hes the servant of his property. That is so, too. The driver munched the branded pie and threw the crust away. Times are changed, dont you know? Thinking about stuff like that dont feed the kids. Get your three dollars a day, feed your kids. You got no call to worry about any- bodys kids but your own. You get a reputation for talking like that, and youll never get three dollars a day. Big shots wont give you three dollars a day if you worry about any- thing but your three dollars a day. Nearly a hundred people on the road for your three dollars. Where will we go? And that reminds me, the driver said, you better ge'i out soon. Im going through the dooryard after dinner. You filled in the well this morning. I know. Had to keep the line straight. But Im. going through the dooryard after dinner. Got to keep the lines straight. And well, you know Joe Davis, my old man, so Ill tell you this. I got orders wherever theres a family not moved out if I have an accident you know, get too close and cave the house in a little well, 1 might get a couple of dollars. And my youngest kid never had no shoes yet. I built it with my hands. Straightened old nails to put y the sheathing on. Rafters are wired to the stringers with bal- ing wire. Its mine. I built it. You bump it down Ill be in the window with a rifle. You even come too close and FI? pot you like a rabbit. Its not me. Theres nothing I can do. Ill lose my job if' I 52 The Grapes of Wrath dont do it. And look suppose you kill me? Theyll just hang you, but long before youre hung therell be another guy on the tractor, and hell bump the house down. Youre not killing the right guy. 'Thats so, the tenant said. "Who gave you orders? Ill go after him. Hes the one to kill. "Youre wrong. He got his orders from the bank. The bank told him, 'Clear those people out or its your job.  "Well, theres a president of the bank. Theres a board of directors. Ill fill up the magazine of the rifle and go into the bank. The driver said, "Fellow was telling me the bank get? orders from the East. The orders were, 'Make the land show profit or well close you up.  "But where does it stop? Who can we shoot? I dont aim to starve to death before I kill the man thats starving me. "I dont know. Maybe theres nobody to shoot. Maybe the thing isnt men at all. Maybe, like you said, the propertys doing it. Anyway I told you my orders. "I got to figure, the. tenant said. "We all got to figure. Theres some way to stop this. Its not like lightning or earth- quakes. Weve got a bad thing made by men, and by God thats something we can change. The tenant sat in his door- way, and the driver thundered his engine and started off, tracks falling and curving, harrows combing, and the phalli of the seeder slipping into the ground. Across the dooryard the tractor cut, and the hard, foot-beaten ground was seeded field, and the tractor cut through again; the uncut spacs was ten feet wide. And back he came. The iron guard bit into the house-corner, crumbled the wall, and wrenched the little house from its foundation so that it fell sideways, crushed like a bug. And the driver was goggled and a rub- The Grapes of Wrath 53 ber mask covered his nose and mouth. The tractor cut a straight line on, and the air and the ground vibrated with its thunder. The tenant man stared after it, his rifle in his hand. His wife was beside him, and the quiet children behind. And all of them stared after the tractor. Chapter Six T HE Reverend Casy and young Tom stood on the hill and looked down on the Joad place. The small unpainted house was mashed at one comer, and it had been pushed off its foundations so that it slumped at an angle, its blind front windows pointing at a spot of sky well above the horizon. The fences were gone and the cotton grew in the dooryard and up against the house, and the cot- ton was about the shed bam. The outhouse lay on its side, and the cotton grew close against it. Where the dooryard had been pounded hard by the bare feet of children and by stamping horses 5 hooves and by the broad wagon wheels, it was cultivated now, and the dark green, dusty cotton grew. Young Tom stared for a long time at the ragged wil- low beside the dry horse trough, at the concrete base where the pump had been. Jesus! he said at last. Hell musta popped here. There aint nobody livin there. At last he moved quickly down the hill, and Casy followed him. He looked into the bam shed, deserted, a little ground straw on the floor, and at the mule stall in the corner. And as he looked in, there was a skittering on the floor and a family of mice faded in under the straw. Joad paused at the entrance to the tool-shed leanto, and no tools were there a broken plow point, a mess of hay wire in the comer, an iron wheel from a hayrake and a rat-gnawed mule collar, a flat gallon oil can 4 The Grapes of Wrath trusted with dirt and oil, and a pair of torn overalls hang- ing on a nail. There aint nothin left, said Joad. We had pretty nice tools. There aint nothin left. Casy said, If I was still a preacher Id say the arm of the Lord had struck. But now I dont know what happened. I been away. I didnt hear nothin. They walked toward the concrete well-cap, walked through cotton plants to get to It, and the bolls were forming on the cotton, and the land was cultivated. We never planted here, Joad said. We always kept this clear. Why, you cant get a horse in now without he tromps the cotton. They paused at the dry watering trough, and the proper weeds that should grow under a trough were gone and the old thick wood of the trough was dry nd cracked. On the well-cap the bolts that had held the pump stuck up, their threads rusty and the nuts gone. Joad looked into the tube of the well and spat and listened. He dropped a clod down the well and listened. She was a good well, he said. I cant hear water. He seemed reluctant to go to the house. He dropped clod after clod down the well. Maybe theyre all dead, he said. But somebodyd a told me. Fd a got word some way.' 1 Maybe they left a letter or something to tell in the house. Would they of knowed you was cornin out? I don know, said Joad. No, I guess not. I didn know myself till a week ago. . Les look in the house. Shes all pushed out a shape. Some- thing knocked the hell out of her. They walked slowly toward the sagging house. Two of the supports of the porch roof were pushed out so that the roof flopped down on one end. And the house-corner was crushed in. Through a maze of splintered wood the room at the corner was visible. The 5 6 The Grapes of Wrath front door king open inward, and a low strong gate across the front door hung outward on leather hinges. Joad stopped at the step, a twelve-by-twelve timber. Doorsteps here, he said. But theyre goneor Mas dead. He pointed to the low gate across the front door. If Ma was anywheres about, that gated be shut an hooked. Thats one thing she always done seen that gate was shut. His eyes were warm. Ever since the pig got in over to Jacobs an 9 et the baby. Milly Jacobs was jus out in the bam. She come in while the pig was still eatin it. Well, Milly Jacobs was in a family way, an she went ravin. Never did get over it. Touched ever since. But Ma took a lesson from it. She never lef that pig gate open less she was in the house herself. Never did forget. No theyre goneor dead. He climbed to the split porch and looked into the kitchen. The windows were broken out, and throwing rocks lay on the floor, and the floor and walls sagged steeply away from the door, and the sifted dust was on the boards. Joad pointed to the broken glass and the rocks. Kids, he said. Theyll go twenty miles to bust a window. I done it myself. They know when a house is empty, they know. Thats the fust thing kids do when folks move out. The kitchen was empty of furniture, stove gone and the round stovepipe hole in the wall showing light. On the sink shelf lay an old beer opener and a broken fork with its wooden handle gone. Joad slipped cautiously into the room, and the floor groaned under his weight. An old copy of the Philadelphia Ledger was on the floor against the wall, its pages yellow and curling. Joad looked into the bedroom no bed, no chairs, nothing. On the wall a picture of an Indian girl in color, labeled Red Wing. A bed slat lean- ing against the wall, and in one comer a womans high but- ton shoe, curled up at the toe and broken over the instep. The Grapes of Wrath 57 Joad picked it up and looked at it. I remember this, he said. This was Mas. Its all wore out now. Ma liked them shoes. Had em for years. No, theyve went an took everthing. The sun had lowered until it came through the angled end windows now, and it flashed on the edges of the broken glass. Joad turned at last and went out and crossed the porch. He sat down on the edge of it and rested his bare feet on the twelve-by-twelve step. The evening light was on the fields, and the cotton plants threw long shadows on the ground, and the molting willow tree threw a long shadow. Casy sat down beside Joad. They never wrote you nothin? he asked. No. Like I said, they wasnt people to write. Pa could write, but he wouldn. Didnt like to. It give him the shivers lo write. He could work out a catalogue order as good as the Hex fella, but he wouldn write no letters just for ducks. They sat side by side, staring off into the distance. Joad laid Ms rolled coat on the porch beside him. His independent hands rolled a cigarette, smoothed it and lighted it, and he Inhaled deeply and blew the smoke out through his nose. Somepins wrong, he said. I cant put my finger on her. I got an itch that somepins wrongern hell. Just this house pushed aroun an my folks gone. Casy said, Right over there the ditch was, where I done the baptizin. You wasnt mean, but you was tough. Hung onto that little girls pigtail like a bulldog. We baptize you both in the name of the Holy Ghos, and still you hung on. OP Tom says, HoF im under water. So I shove your head down till you start to bubblin before youd let go a that pigtail. You wasnt mean, but you was tough. Sometimes a tough kid grows up with a big jolt of the sperit in him. A lean gray cat came sneaking out of the bam and crept 58 The Grapes of Wrath through the cotton plants to the end of the porch. It leaped silently up to the porch and crept low-belly toward the men It came to a place between and behind the two, and then it sat down, and its tail stretched out straight and flat to the floor, and the last inch of it flicked. The cat sat and looked off into the distance where the men were looking. joad glanced around at it. By God! Look whos here. Somebody stayed. He put out his hand, but the cat leaped away out of reach and sat down and licked the pads of its lifted paw. Joad looked at it, and his face was puzzled. a I know whats the matter, he cried. That cat jus made me Agger whats wrong. ' Seems to me theres lots wrong, said Casy. No, its moren jus this place. Whynt that cat jus move in with some neighbors with the Ranees. How come nobody ripped some lumber off this house? Aint been nobody here for three-four months, an nobodys stole no lumber. Nice planks on the barn shed, plenty good planks on the house, winda frames an nobodys took em. That aint right. Thats what was botherin me, an I couldnt catch hold of her. Well, whats that Agger out for you? Casy reached down and slipped off his sneakers and wriggled his long toes on the step. I don know. Seems like maybe there aint any neighbors. If there was, would all them nice planks be here? Why, Jesus Christ! Albert Ranee took his family, kids an dogs an all, into Oklahoma City one Christmus. They was gonna visit with Alberts cousin. Well, folks aroun here thought Albert moved away without sayin nothin figgered maybe he got debts or some womans squarin off at him. When Albert come back a week later there wasnt a thing lef in his house The Grapes of Wrath 59 stove was gone, beds was gone, winds frames was gone, an eight feet of plankin was gone off the south side of the house so you could look right through her. He come drivin home just as Muley Graves was goin away with the doors an the well pump. Took Albert two weeks drivin aroun the neigh- bors fore he got his stuff back. Casy scratched his toes luxuriously. Didnt nobody give him an argument? All of em jus give the stuff up? Sure. They wasnt stealin it. They thought he lef it, an they jus took it. He got all of it back all but a sofa pilla, velvet with a pitcher of an Injun on it. Albert claimed Grampa got it. Claimed Grampa got Injun blood, thats why he wants that pitcher. Well, Grampa did get her, but he didnt give a damn about the pitcher on it. He jus liked her. Used to pack her aroun an hed put her wherever he was gonna sit. He never would give her back to Albert.- Says, If Albert wants this pilla so bad, let him come an get her. But he better come shootin, cause Ill blow his goddamn stinkin head off if he comes messin aroun my pilla. So finally Albert give up an made Grampa a present of that pilla. It give Grampa idears, though. He took to savin chicken feathers. Says hes gonna have a whole damn bed of feathers. But he never got no feather bed. One time Pa got mad at a skunk under the house. Pa slapped that skunk with a two-by-four, and Ma burned all Grampas feathers so we could live in the house. He laughed. Grampas a tough oP bastard. Jus set on that Injun pilla an says, 'Let Albert come an get her. Why, he says, Til take that squirt and wring irn out like a pair of drawers.  The cat crept close between the men again, and its tail lay flat and its whiskers jerked now and then. The sun dropped low toward the horizon and the dusty air was red 6o The Grapes of Wrath and golden. The cat reached out a gray questioning paw and touched Joads coat. He looked around. Hell, I forgot the turtle. 1 ain't gonna pack it all over hell. He unwrapped the land turtle and pushed it under the house. But in a moment it was out, headed southwest as it had Teen from the first. The cat leaped at it and struck at its straining head and slashed at its moving feet. The old, hard, Mimorous head was pulled in, and the thick tail slapped in under the shell, and when the cat grew tired of waiting for it and walked off, the turtle headed on southwest again. Young Tom Joad and the preacher watched the turtle go waving its legs and boosting its heavy, high-domed shell along toward the southwest. The cat crept along behind for a while, but in a dozen yards it arched its back to a strong taut bow and yawned, and came stealthily back toward the seated men. Where the hell you spose hes goin?  said Joad. I seen turtles all my life. Theyre always goin someplace. They always seem to want to get there. The gray cat seated itself between and behind them again. It blinked slowly. The skin over its shoulders jerked forward under a flea, and then slipped slowly back.. The cat lifted a paw and inspected it. flicked its claws out and in again experimentally, and licked its pads with a shell-pink tongue. The red sun touched the horizon and spread out like a jellyfish, and the sky above it seemed much brighter and more alive than it had been. Joad unrolled his new yellow shoes from his coat, and he brushed his dusty feet with his hand before he slipped them on. The preacher, staring off across the fields, said, Some- body's cornin. Look! Down there, right through the cot- ton. Joad looked where Casys finger pointed. Cornin afoot" The Grapes of Wrath 61 he said. Cant see im for the dust he raises. Who the hells cornin here? They watched the figure approaching in the evening light, and the dust it raised was reddened by the setting sun. Man, said Joad. The man drew closer, and as he walked past the bam, Joad said, Why, I know him. You know him thats Muley Graves. And he called, Hey, Muley! How ya? The approaching man stopped, startled by the call, and then he came on quickly. He was a lean man, rather short. His movements were jerky and quick. He carried a gunny sack in his hand. His blue jeans were pale at knee and seat, and he wore an old black suit coat, stained and spotted, the sleeves tom loose from the shoulders in back, and ragged holes worn through at the elbows. His black hat was as stained as his coat, and the band, tom half free, flopped up and down as he walked. Mulevs face was smooth and tin- wrinkled, but it wore the truculent look of a bad childs, the mouth held tight and small, the little eyes half scowling, half petulant. You remember Muley, Joad said softly to the preacher. Whos that? the advancing man called. Joad did not answer. Muley came close, very close, before he made out the faces. Well, Ill be damned, he said. Its Tommy Joad. Whend you get out, Tommy? Two days ago, said Joad. Took a little time to hitch- hike home. An look here what I find. Wheres my folks, Muley? Whats the house all smashed up for, an cotton planted in the dooryard?  By God, its lucky I come by! said Muley.  Cause oY Tom worried himself. When they was fixin to move I was settin in the kitchen there. I jus toF Tom I want gonna move, by God. I tol him that, an Tom says, Im worrviV 5 2 The Grapes of Wrath myself about Tommy. 8pose he comes home an they aint nobody here. Whatll he think? I says, 4 Whynt you write down a letter? An Tom says, 'Maybe I will Ill think about her. But if I dont, you keep your eye out for Tommy if youre still aroun. Til be aroun, I says. Til be aroun till hell freezes over. There aint nobody can run a guy name of Graves outa this country. An they aint done it, neither. Joad said impatiently, "Wheres my folks? Tell about you standin up to em later, but wheres my folks? "Well, they was gonna stick her out when the bank come to tractorin off the place. Your grampa stood out here with 'a rifle, an he biowed the headlights off that cat, but she come on just the same. Your grampa didnt wanta kill the guy drivin that cat, an that was Willy Feeley, an Willy knowed it, so he jus come on, an bumped the hell outa the house, an give her a shake like a dog shakes a rat. Well, it took somepin outa Tom. Kinda got into im. He aint been the same ever since. "Where is my folks? Joad spoke angrily. "What Im tellin you. Took three trips with your Uncle Johns wagon. Took the stove an the pump an the beds. You should a seen them beds go out with all them kids an your granma an grampa settin up against the headboard, an your brother Noah settin there smokin a cigareet, an spirtin la-de-da over the side of the wagon. Joad opened his mouth to speak. "Theyre all at your Uncle Johns, Muley said quickly.  "Oh! All at Johns. Well, what they doin there? Now' stick to her for a second, Muley. Jus stick to her. In jus  minute you can go on your own way. What they loin there? Well, they been choppin cotton, all of em, even the The Grapes of Wrath 63 kids an your grampa. Gettin money together so they can shove on west. Gonna buy a car and shove on west where its easy livin . There aint nothin here. Fifty cents a clean acre for choppin cotton, an 9 folks beggin 9 for the chance to chop. An they aint gone yet? No, said Muley. Not that I know. Las I heard was four days ago when I seen your brother Noah out shootin jack- rabbits, an he says theyre aimin to go in about two weeks. John got his notice he got to get off. You jus go on about eight miles to Johns place. Youll find your folks piled in Johns house like gophers in a winter burrow. G.K. said Joad. Now you can ride on your own way. You aint changed a bit, Muley. If you want to tell about somepin off northwest, you point your nose straight south- east. Muley said truculently, You aint changed neither. You was a smart-aleck kid, an youre still . a smart aleck. You aint tellin me how to skin my life, by any chancet? Joad grinned. No, I aint. If you wanta drive your head into a pile a broken glass, there aint nobody can tell you different. You know this here preacher, dont you, Muley? Rev. Casy. Why, sure, sure. Didnt look over. Remember him well. Casy stood up and the two shook hands. Glad to see you again, said Muley. You aint been aroun for a hell of a long time. I been off a-askin questions, said Casy. What happened here? Why they kickin folks off the lan? Muleys mouth snapped shut so tightly that a little parrots beak in the middle of his upper lip stuck down over his under lip. He scowled. Them sons-a-bitches. he said. Them 64 The Grapes of Wrath dirty sons-a-bltches. I tell ya, men, Fm stayin. They aint gettin rid a me. If they throw me off, FU come back, an if they figger Ill be quiet underground, why, Ill take couple- three of the sons-a-bitches along for company. He patted a heavy weight in his side coat pocket. I aint a-goin . My pa come here fifty years ago. An I aint a-goin. joad said, Whats the idear of kickin the folks off? Oh! They talked pretty about it. You know what kinds years we been havin. Dust cornin up an spoilin everthing so a man didnt get enough crop to plug up an ants ass. An everbody got bills at the grocery. You know how it is. W ell, the folks that owns the lan says, We cant afford to keep no tenants. An they says, The share a tenant gets is jus the margin a profit we cant afford to lose. An they says, If we put all our lan in one piece we can jus hardly make her pay. So they tractored all the' tenants off a the lan. All 'cept me, an by God I aint goin. Tommy, you know me. You knowed me all your life, Damn right, said Joad, all my life. Well, you know I aint a fool. I know this land aint much good. Never was much good cept for grazin. Never should a broke her up. An now shes cottoned damn near to death. If ony they didnt tell me I got to get off, why, Fd proby be in California right now a-eatin grapes an a-pickin an orange when I wanted. But them sons-a-bitcnes says I got to get off an, Jesus Christ, a man cant, when hes tol to! Sure, said Joad. I wonder Pa went so easy. I wonder Grampa didn kill nobody. Nobody never toF Grampa where to put his feet. An Ma aint nobody you can push aroun, neither. I seen her beat the hell out of a tin peddler with a live chicken one time cause he give her a argument. She had the chicken in one hank an the ax in the other, The Grapes of Wrath 65 about to cut its head off. She aimed to go for that peddler with the ax, but she forgot which hand was which, an she takes after him with the chicken. Couldn even eat that chicken when she got done. They wasnt nothing but a pair a legs in her han. Grampa throwed his hip outa joint laughin. Howd my folks go so easy?  Well, the guy that come aroun talked nice as pie. You got to get off. It aint my fault. Well, I says, whose fault is it? Ill go an Ill nut the fella. Its the Shawnee Lan an Cattle Company. I jus got orders.' Whos the Shawnee Lan an Cattle Company ?  It aint nobody. Its a company. Got a fella crazy. There wasnt nobody you could lay for. Lot a the folks jus got tired out lookin for somepin to be mad at -but not me. Im mad at all of it. Im stayin. A large red drop of sun lingered on the horizon and then dripped over and was gone, and the sky was brilliant over the spot where it had gone, and a torn cloud, like a bloody rag, hung over the spot of its going. And dusk crept over the sky fioro the eastern horizon, and darkness crept over the land from the east. The evening star flashed and glittered in the dusk. The gray cat sneaked away toward the open bam shed and passed inside like a shadow. Joad said, Well, we aint gonna walk no eight miles to Uncle Johns place tonight. My dogs is burned up. Hows it if we go to your place, Muley? Thats ony about a mile. Wont do no good. Muley seemed embarrassed. My wife an the kids an her brother all took an went to Cali- fornia. They Wasnt nothin to eat. They wasnt as mad as me, so they went. They wasnt nothin to eat here. The preacher stirred nervously. You should of went too. Yon shouldnt of broke up the fambly. 66 The Grapes- of Wrath I couldnV said Muley Graves. Somepin jus 9 wouldrf let me. Well, by God, Im hungry, said Joad. Four solemn years I been earin right on the minute. My guts is yellin bloody murder. What you gonna eat, Muley? How you been gettin your dinner? Muley said ashamedly, For a while I et frogs an squirrels an prairie dogs sometimes. Had to do it. But now I got some wire nooses on the tracks in the dry stream brush. Get rab- bits, an sometimes a prairie chicken. Skunks get caught, ah coons, too. He reached down, picked up his sack, and emp- tied it on the porch. Two cottontails and a jackrabbit fell out and rolled over limply, soft and furry. God Awmighty, said Joad, its moren four years sence Ive et fresh-killed meat. Casy picked up one of the cottontails and held it in his hand. You sharin with us, Muley Graves? he asked. Muley fidgeted in embarrassment. I aint got no choice in the matter. He stopped on the ungracious sound of hte words. That aint like I mean it. That aint. I mean he stumbled what I mean, if a fellas got somepin to eat an another fellas hungry why, the first fella aint got no choice. I mean, spose I pick up my rabbits an go off somewheres an eat em. See? I see, said Casy. I can see that. Muley sees somepin there, lom. Muleys got a-holt of somepin, an its too big for him, an its too big for me, Young Tom rubbed his hands together. Who got a knife? Les get at these here miserable rodents. Le s get at em. Muley reached in his pants pocket and produced a large horn-handled pocket knife. Tom load took it from him. The Grapes of Wrath 6  opened a blade, and smelled it. He drove the blade again and again into the ground and smelled it again, wiped it on his trouser leg, and felt the edge with his thumb. Muley took a quart bottle of water out of his hip pocket and set it on the porch. Go easy on that there water, he said. Thats all there is. This here wells filled in. Tom took up a rabbit in his hand. One of you go get some bale wire outa the barn Well make a fire with some a this broken plank from the house. He looked at the dead rabbit. There aint nothin so easy to get ready as a rabbit, he said. He lifted the skin of the back, slit it, pur h ; s fingers in the hole, and tore the skin off. It slipped off like a stocking, slipped off the body to the neck, and off the legs to the paws. Joad picked up the knife again and cut off head and feet. He laid the skin down, slit the rabbit along the ribs, shook out the intestines onto the skin, and then threw the mess off into the cotton field. And the clean-muscled little body was ready. Joad cut off the legs and cut the meaty back into two pieces. He was picking up the second rabbit when Casy came back with a snarl of bale wire in his hand. Now build up a fire and put some stakes up, said Joad. Jesus Christ, Im hungry for these here creatures! He cleaned and cut up the rest of the rabbits and strung them on the wire. Muley and Casy tore splintered boards from the wrecked house-corner and started a fire, and they drove a stake into the ground on each side to hold the wire. Muley came back to Joad. Look out for boils on that jackrabbit, he said. I dont like to eat no jackrabbit with boils. He took a little cloth bag from his pocket and put it on the porch. Toad said, The jack was clean as a whistle-Jesus God, ag ' The Grapes of Wrath you got salt too? By any chance you got some plates an a cent in your pocket? He poured salt in his hand and sprin- kled it over the pieces of rabbit strung on the wire. The fire leaped and threw shadows on the house, and the dry wood crackled and snapped. The sky was almost dark now and the stars were out sharply. The gray cat came out of the bam shed and trotted miaowing toward the fire, but, nearly there, it turned and went directly to one of the little piles of rabbit entrails on the ground. It chewed and swal- lowed, and the entrails hung from its mouth. Casy sat on the ground beside the fire, feeding it broken pieces of board, pushing the long boards in as the flame ate off their ends. The evening bats flashed into the firelight and out again. The cat crouched back and licked its lips and washed its face and whiskers. Joad held up his rabbit-laden wire between his two hands and walked to the fire. Here, take one end, Muley. Wrap your end around that stake. Thats good, now! Let s tighten her up. We ought to wait till the fires burned down, but I cant wait. He made the wire taut, then found a stick and slipped the pieces of meat along the wire until they were over the fire. And the flames licked up around the meat and hardened and glazed the surfaces, joad sat down by the fire, but with his stick he moved and turned the rabbit so that it would not become sealed to the wire. This here is a party, he said. Salt, Muley s got, an water an rabbits. I wish he got a pot of hominy in his pocket. Thats all I wish. Muley said over the fire, You fellasd think Im touched, the way I live. Touched, nothin, said Joad. If youre touched, I wisht everbody was touched. Muley continued, Well, sir, its a funny thing. Somepin The Grapes of Wrath 69 went an happened to me when they toP me I had to get off the place. Fust I was gonna go in an kill a whole flock a people. Then all my folks all went away out west. An I got wanderin aroun. Jus walkin aroun. Never went far. Slep ? j where I was. I was gonna sleep here tonight. Thats why I  come. Pd tell myself, Pm lookin after things so when all the . j folks come back itll be all right. But I knowed that want j true. There aint nothin to look after. The folks aint never  cornin back. Pm jus wanderin aroun like a damn oP grave- j yard ghos.  j  Fella gets use to a place, its hard to go, said Casy. Fella gets use to a way a thinkin, its hard to leave. I aint a !  preacher no more, but all the time I find Pm prayin, not  even thinkin what Pm doin. . 1 Joad turned the pieces of meat over on the wire. The juice was dripping now, and every drop, as it fell in the fire, shot up a spurt of flame. The smooth surface of the meat was crinkling up and turning a faint brown. Smell her, said Joad. Jesus, look down an jus smell her! Muley went on, Like a damn oP graveyard ghos. I been goin aroun the places where stuff happened. Like theres a place over by our forty; in a gully theys a bush. Fust time I ever laid with a girl was there. Me fourteen an stampin an jerkin an snortin like a buck deer, randy as a billygoat. So I went there an I laid down on the groun, an I seen it all happen again. An theres the place down by the barn where Pa got gored to death by a bull. An his blood is right in that groun, right now. Mus be. Nobody never washed it out. An I put my han on that groun where my own pas 1 blood is part of it. He paused uneasily. You fellas think Pm touched? Joad turned the meat, and his eyes were inward. Casy, feet jo The Grapes of Wrath drawn up, stared into the fire. Fifteen feet back from the men the fed cat was sitting, the long gray tail wrapped neatly around the front feet. A big owl shrieked as it went overhead, and the firelight showed its white underside and the spread of its wings. No, said Casy. Youre lonely-but you aint touched. Muleys tight little face was rigid. I put my han right on the groun where that blood is still. An I seen my pa with a hole through his ches, an I felt him shiver up against me like he done, an I seen him kind of settle back an reach with his hans an his feet. An I seen his eyes all milky with hurt, an then he was still an his eyes so clear lookin up. An me a little kid settin there, not cryin nor nothin, jus settin there. He shook his head sharply. Joad turned the meat over and over. An I went in the room where Joe was born. Bed wasnt there, but it was the room. An all them things is true, an theyre right in the place they happened. Joe come to life right there. He give a big oF gasp an then he let out a squawk you could hear a mile, an his granma standin there says, Thats a daisy, thats a daisy, over an over. An her so proud she bust three cups that night. Joad cleared his throat. Think we better eat her now. Let her get good an done, good an brown, awmost black, said Muley irritably. I wanta talk. I aint talked to nobody. If Im touched, Im touched, an thats the end of it. Like a ol graveyard ghos goin to neighbors houses in the night. Peters, Jacobs, Ranees, Joads; an the houses all dark, standin like miserble ratty boxes, but they was good parties an dancin. An there was meetins and shoutin glory. They was weddins, all in them houses. An then Id want to go in town an kill folks. Cause whatd they take when they tractored the folks off the lan? Whatd they get so their The Grapes of Wrath 71 margin a profit was safe? They got Pa dyin on the groun, an Joe yellin his first breath, an me jerkin like a billy goat under a bush in the night. Whatd they get? God knows the lan ain t no good. Nobody been able to make a crop for years. But them sons-a-bitches at their desks, they jus chopped folks in two for their margin a profit. They jus cut em in two. Place where folks live is them folks. They ain t whole, out lonely on the road in a piled-up car. They aint alive no more. Them sons-a-bitches killed em. And he was silent, his thin lips still moving, his chest still panting. He sat and looked down at his hands in the firelight. I-I aint talked to nobody for a long time, he apologized softly, I been sneakin aroun like a oF graveyard ghos. Casy pushed the long boards into the fire and the flames licked up around them and leaped up toward the meat again. The house cracked loudly as the cooler night air contracted the wood. Casy said quietly, I gotta see them folks thats gone out on the road. I got a feelin I got to see them. They gonna need help no preachin can give em. Hope of heaven when their lives aint lived? Holy Sperit when their own sperit is downcast an sad? They gonna need help. They got to live before they can afford to die. Joad cried nervously, Jesus Christ, les eat this meat fore its smallern a cooked mouse! Look at her. Smell her. He leaped to his feet and slid the pieces of meat along the wire until they were clear of the fire. He took Muleys knife and sawed through a piece of meat until it was free of the wire. . Heres for the preacher, he said. I tol you I aint no preacher. Well, heres for the man, then. He cut off another piece. Here, Muley, if you aint too goddamn upset to eat. This heres jackrabbit. Toughern a bull-bitch. He sat back and j 2 The Grapes of Wrath clamped his long teeth on the meat and tore out a great bite and chewed it. Jesus Christ! Hear her crunch! And he tore out another bite ravenously.  Muley still sat regarding his meat. Maybe I oughtn to a-talked like that, he said. Fella should maybe keep stuff like that in his head. Casy looked over, his mouth full of rabbit. He chewed, and his muscled throat convulsed in swallowing. Yes, you should talk, he said. Sometimes a sad man can talk the sad- ness right out through his mouth. Sometimes a killin man can talk the murder right out of his mouth an not do no murder. You done right. Dont you kill nobody if you can help it. And he bit out another hunk of rabbit. Joad tossed the bones in the fire and jumped up and cut more off the wire. Muley was eating slowly now, and his nervous little eyes went from one to the other of his companions. Joad ate scowling like an animal, and a ring of grease formed around his mouth. For a long time Muley looked at him, almost timidly. He put down the hand that held the meat. Tommy, he said. Joad looked up and did not stop gnawing the meat. Yeah? he said, around a mouthful. Tommy, you aint mad with me talkin about killin people? You aint huffy, Tom? No, said Tom. I aint huffy. Its jus somepin that happened. Everbody knowed it was no fault of yours, said Muley. OF man Turnbull said he was gonna get you when ya come , Says nobody can kill one a his boys. All the folks here- abouts talked him outa it, though.  Joad said softly. Drunk at a dance. I I felt that knife go ia The Grapes of Wrath 73 me, an that sobered me up. Fust thing I see is Herb cornin for me again with his knife. They was this here shovel leanin against the schoolhouse, so I grabbed it an smacked im over the head. 1 never had nothing against Herb. He was a nice fella. Come a-bullin after my sister Rosasham when he was a little fella. No, I liked Herb. Well, everybody toF his pa that, an finally cooled im down. Somebody says theys Hatfield blood on his mothers side in oF Turnbull, an hes got to live up to it. I dont know about that. Him an his folks went on to California six months ago. Joad took the last of the rabbit from the wire and passed it around. He settled back and ate more slowly now, chewed evenly, and wiped the grease from his mouth with his sleeve, 4nd his eyes, dark and half closed, brooded as he looked into the dying fire. Everbodys gain west, he said. I got me a parole to keep. Cant leave the state. Parole? Muley asked. I heard about them. How do they work? Well, I got out early, three years early. Theys stuff I gotta do, or they send me back in. Got to report ever so often. How they treat ya there in McAlester? My womans cousin was in McAlester an they give him hell. It aint so bad, said Joad. Like everplace else. They give ya hell if ya raise hell. You get along O.K. les some guard gets it in for ya. Then you catch plenty hell. I got along O.K. Minded my own business, like any guy would. I learned to write nice as hell Birds an stuff like that, too; not just word writin. My oF manll be sore when he sees me whip out a bird in one stroke. Pas gonna be mad when he sees me do that. He dont like no fancy stuff like that. Hr 74 The Grapes of Wrath don't even like word writin. Kinda scares im, I guess. Ever time Pa seen writin, somebody took somepin away from 'im. They didnt give you no beatins or nothin like that? No, I jus tended my own affairs. Course you get god- damn good an sick a-doin the same thing day after day for four years. If you done somepin you was ashamed of, you might think about that. But, hell, if I seen Herb Turnbull cornin for me with a knife right now, Id squash him down with a shovel again. Anybody would, said Muley. The preacher stared into the fire, and his high forehead was white in the settling dark. The flash of little flames picked out the cords of his neck. His hands, clasped about his knees, were busy pulling knuckles. Joad threw the last bones into the fire and licked his fingers and then wiped them on his pants. He stood up and brought the bottle of water from the porch, took a sparing drink, and passed the bottle before he sat down again. He went on, The thing that give me the mos trouble was, it didn make no sense. You dont look for no sense when lightnin kills a cow, or it comes up a flood. Thats jus the things is. But when a bunch of men take an lock you up to have some meaning. Men is supposed out. Here they put me in, an keep me an to either make me so I wont to do her for her out. The Grapes of Wrath y Muley observed, Judge says he give you a light sentence cause it wasnt all your fault. Joad said, Theys a guy in McAlester-lifer. He studies all the time. Hes secetary of the warden-writes the wardens Jetters an stuff like that. Well, hes one hell of a bright guy an reads law an all stuff like that. Well, I talked to him one time about her, cause he reads so much stuff. An he says it dont do no good to read books. Says hes read everthing about prisons now, an in the old times; an he says she makes less sense to him now than she did before he starts readin. He says its a thing that started way to hell an gone back, an nobody seems to be able to stop her, an nobody got sense enough to change her. He says for Gods sake dont read about her because he says for one thing youll jus get messed up worse, an for another you wont have no respect for the' guys that work the governments. I aint got a hell of a lot of respec for em now, said Muley. Ony kind a goverment we got that leans on us fellas is the safe margin a profit. Theres one thing that got me stumped, an thats Willy Feeley-drivin that cat, an gonna be a straw boss on lan his own folks used to farm. That worries me. I can see how a fella might come from some other place an not know no better, but Willy belongs. Worried me so I went up to im and ast im. Right off he got mad. I got two little kids, he says. I got a wife an my wifes mother. Them people got to eat. Gets maddern hell. Fust an ony thing I got to think about is my own folks, he says. What happens to other folks k their look-out, he says. Seams like hes shamed, so he gets mad. Jim Casy had been staring at the dying fire, and his eyes had grown wider and his neck muscles stood higher. Sud- j6 The Grapes of Wrath denly he cried, I got her! If ever a man got a dose of the spent, I got her! Got her all of a flash! He jumped to his feet and paced back and forth, his head swinging. Had a tent one time. Drawed as much as five hundred people ever night. Thats before either you fellas seen me. He stopped and faced them. Ever notice I never took no collections when I was preachin out here to folks in bams an in the open? By God, you never, said Muley. People around here got so use to not givin you money they got to bein a little mad when some other preacher come along an passed the hat. Yes, sir! I took somepin to eat, said Casy. I took a pair a pants when mine was wore out, an a oF pair a shoes when I was walkin through to the groun, but it wasnt like when I had the tent. Some days there Id take in ten or twenty dollars. Wasnt happy that-a-way, so I give her up, an for a time 1 was happy. I think I got her now. I don know if I can say her. I guess I wont try to say her but maybe theres a place for a preacher. Maybe I can preach again. Folks out lonely on the road, folks with no lan, no home to go to. They got to have some kind of home. Maybe He stood over the fire The hundred muscles of his neck stood out in high relief, and the firelight w T ent deep into his eyes and ignited red embers. He stood and looked at the fire, his face tense as though he were listening, and the hands that had been active to pick, to handle, to throw ideas, grew quiet, and in a mo- ment crept into his pockets. The bats flittered In and out of the dull firelight, and the soft watery burble of a night hawk came from across the fields.  Tom., reached quietly into his pocket and brought out his Th e Grapes of Wrath 77 tobacco, and he rolled a cigarette slowly and looked over it at the coals while he worked. He ignored the whole speech of the preacher, as though it were some private thing that shouM not be inspected. He said, Night after night in my bunk I figgered how shed be when I come home again I figgered maybe Grampa or Granmad be dead, an maybe thered be some new kids. Maybe Pad not be so tough Maybe Mad set back a little an let Rosasham do the work I knowed it wouldnt be the same as it was. Well, well sleep here I guess, an come daylight well get on to Uncle Johns. Leastwise I will. You think youre cornin along, Casy? The preacher still stood looking into the coals. He said slowiy, Yeah, Im goin with you. An when your folks start out on the road Im goin with them. An where folks are on the road. Im gonna be with them. Youre welcome, said Joad. Ma always favored you, Said you was a preacher to trust. Rosasham wasnt growed up then. He turned his head. Muley, you gonna walk on over with us? Muley was looking toward the road over which they had come. Think youll come along, Muley? joad repeated. Huh? No. I don t go no place, an 9 1 dont leave no place See that glow over there, jerkin up an down? Thats probly the super ntendent of this stretch a cotton. Somebody maybe seen our fire. Tom looked. The glow of light was nearing over the hill, We aint doin no harm, he said. Well jus set here. We aint doin nothin. Muley cackled. Yeah! Were doin somepin just bein here. Were trespassin. We cant stay. They been tryin to Witch me for two months. Now you look. If thats a car 7 S The Grapes of Wrath cornin we go out in the cotton an lay down. Don t have to go far. Then by God let em try to fin us! Have to look up an down ever row. Jus keep your head down. Joad demanded, Whats come over you, Muley? You wasnt never no run-an-hide fella. You was mean. Muley watched the approaching lights. Yeah! he said. I was mean like a wolf. Now Im mean like a weasel. When youre huntin somepin youre a hunter, an youre strong. Cant nobody beat a hunter. But when you get hunted-thats different. Somepin happens to you. You aint strong; maybe youre fierce, but you aint strong. I been hunted now for a Jong time. I aint a hunter no more. Id maybe shoot a fella in the dark, but I dont maul nobody with a fence stake no more. It dont do no good to fool you or me. Thats how it is. Well, you go out an hide, said Joad. Leave me an Casy tell these bastards a few things. The beam of light was doser now, and it bounced into the sky and then disap- peared, and then bounced up again. All three men watched. Muley said, Theres one more thing about bein hunted. You get to thinkin about all the dangerous things. If youre huntin you dont think about em, an you aint scared. Like you says to me, if you get in any trouble theyll sen you back to McAlester to finish your time. Thats right, said Joad. Thats what they tol me, but settin here restin or sleepin on the groun that aint gettin in no trouble. That aint doin nothin wrong. That aint like gettin drunk or raisin hell. Muley laughed. Youll see. You jus set here, an the carll come. Maybe its Willy Feeley, an Willys a deputy sheriff now. What you doin trespassin here? Willy says. Well, you always did know Willy was full a crap, so you says. The Grapes of Wrath 79 Whats it to you? Willy gets mad an says, You get off or ill take you in. An you aint gonna let no Feeley push you roun cause hes mad an scared. Hes made a bluff an he got to go on with it, an heres you gettin tough an you got to go through oh, hell, it s a lot easier to lay out in the cotton an let em look. It s more fun, too, cause theyre mad an cant do nothin, an youre out there a-laughin at em. But you jus talk to Willy or any boss, an you slug hell out of em an theyll take you in an run you back to McAlester for three years.  ou re talkin sense, said Joad. Ever word you say is tense. But, Jesus, I hate to get pushed around! I lots rather take a sock at Willy. He got a gun, said Muley. Hell use it cause hes '3 deputy. Then he either got to kill you or you got to get his gun away an kill him. Come on, Tommy. You can easy tell yourself youre foolin them lyin out like that. An it all just- amounts to what you tell yourself. The strong lights angled up into the sky now, and the even drone of a motor could be heard. Come on, Tommy. Dont have to go far, jus fourteen-fifteen rows over, an we can watch what they do. Tom got to his feet. By God, youre right! he said. I aint got a thing in the work to win, no matter how it comes out. Come on, then, over this way. Muley moved around the house and out into the cotton field about fifty yards. This is good, he said, Now lay down. You ony got to pull your head down if they start the spotlight goin. Its kinda fun. The three men stretched out at full length and propped themselves on their elbows. Muley sprang up and ran toward the house, and in a few moments he came back and threw a bundle of coats and shoes down. Theyd of taken em So The Grapes of Wrath just to get even, he said. The lights topped the rise and bore down on the house. Joad asked, Won't they come out here with flashlights an look aroun for us? I wisht I had a stick. Muley giggled. No, they wont. I tol you Im mean like a weasel. Willy done that one night an I clipped Im from behint with a fence stake. Knocked him coldern a wedge. He tol later how five guys come at him. The car drew up to the house and a spotlight snapped on. Duck, said Muley. The bar of cold white light swung over their heads and crisscrossed the field. The hiding men could not see any movement, but they heard a car door slam and they heard voices. Scairt to get in the light, Muley whis- pered. Once-twice Ive took a shot at the headlights. That keeps Willy careful. He got somebody with im tonight.'' They heard footsteps on wood, and then from inside the house they saw the glow of a flashlight. Shall I shoot through the house? Muley whispered. They couldnt see where it come from. Give em somepin to think about. Sure, go ahead, said Joad. Dont do it, Casy whispered. It wont do no good. Jus a waste. We got to get thinkin about doin stuff that means somepin. A scratching sound came from near the house. Puttin out the fire, Muley whispered. Kickin dust over it. The car doors slammed, the headlights swung around and faced the road again. Now duck! said Muley. They dropped their heads and the spotlight swept over them and crossed and recrossed the cotton field, and then the car started and slipped away and topped the rise and disappeared. Muley sat up. Willy always tries that las flash. He done it so often I can time im. An he still thinks its cute. The Grapes of Wrath 81 Casy said, Maybe they left some fellas at the house Theyd catch us when we come back. Maybe. You fellas wait here. I know this game. He walked quietly away and only a slight crunching of clods could be heard from his passage. The two waiting men tried to hear him, but he had gone. In a moment he called from the house, They didnt leave nobody. Come on back. Casy and Joad struggled up and walked back toward the black bulk of the 'house. Muley met them near the smoking dust pile which had been their fire. I didn think theyd leave nobody, he said proudly. Me knockin Willy over an takin a shot at the lights once-twice keeps em careful. They aint sure who it is, an I aint gonna let em catch me. I dont sleep near no bouse. If you fellas wanta come along. Ill show you where to sleep, where there aint nobody gonna stumble over ysu Lead off, said Joad. Well folia you. I never thought Id be hidin out on my old mans place. Muley set off across the fields, and Joad and Casy followed him. They kicked the cotton plants as they went. Youll be hidin from lots of stuff, said Muley. They marched in single file across the fields. They came to a water-cut and slid easily down to the bottom of it. By God, I bet I know, cried Joad. Is it a cave in the bank? Thats right. Howd you know? I dug her, said Joad. Me an my brother Noah dug her. Lookin for gold we says we was, but we was jus diggitf caves like kids always does. The walls of the water-cut were above their heads now. Ought to be pretty close, said Joad. Seems to me I remember her pretty close. Muley said, Ive covered her with bresk Nobody 82 The Grapes of Wrath couldnt find her. The bottom of the gulch leveled off, and die footing was sand. Joad settled himself on the clean sand. I aint gonna sleep in no cave, he said. Tm gonna sleep right here. He rolled his coat and put it under his head. Muley pulled at the covering brush and crawled into his cave. I like it in here, he called. I feel like nobody can come at me. Jim Casy sat down on the sand beside joad. Get some sleep, said Joad. Well start for Uncle Johns at daybreak. I aint sleepin, said Casy.  I got too much to puzzle with. He drew up his feet and clasped his legs. He threw back his head and looked at the sharp stars. Joad yawned and brought one hand back under his head. They were silent, and gradually the skittering life of the ground, of holes and bur- rows, of the brush, began again; the gophers moved, and the rabbits crept to green things, the mice scampered over clods, md the winged hunters moved soundlessly overhead. Chapter Seven  ;j I N THE towns, on the edges of the towns, in fields, in j vacant lots, the used-car yards, the wreckers yards, the i' i garages with blazoned signs-Used Cars, Good Used Cars. Cheap transportation, three trailers. 27 Ford, clean. Checked f  cars, guaranteed cars. Free radio. Car with 100 gallons of gas free. Come in and look. Used Cars. No overhead.  jj A lot and a house large enough for a desk and chair and  ! a blue book. Sheaf of contracts, dog-eared, held with paper I  clips, and a neat pile of unused contracts. Pen-keep it full, f jj keep it working. A sales been lost cause a pen didnt work. ! Those sons-of-bitches over there aint buying. Every yard gets em. Theyre lookers. Spend all their time looking. Dont want to buy no cars; take up your time. Dont give a damn for your time. Over there, them two people no, with the kids. Get em in a car. Start em at two hundred and work down. They look good for one and a quarter. Get em roll- ing. Get em out in a jalopy. Sock it to em! They took our time. Owners with rolled-up sleeves. Salesmen, neat, deadly, small intent eyes watching for weaknesses. Watch the womans face. If the woman likes it we can screw the old man. Start em on that Cad. Then you can work em down to that 26 Buick. F you start on the Buick, theyll go for a Ford. Roll up your sleeves an get to work. This aint gonna last forever. Show em that Nash while I get Si 84 The Grapes of Wrath the slow leak pumped up on that 25 Dodge. Ill give you a Hymie when Im ready. What you want is transportation, aint it? No baloney for you. Sure the upholstery is shot. Seat cushions aint turning no wheels over. Cars lined up, noses forward, rusty noses, flat tires. Parked dose together. Like to get in to see that one? Sure, no trouble. Ill pull her out of the line. Get 'em under obligation. Make em take up your time. Dont let em forget theyre takin your time. People are nice, mostly. They hate to put you out. Make em put you out, an then sock it to em. Cars lined up, Model Ts, high and snotty, creaking wheel, worn bands. Buicks, Nashes, De Sotos. Yes, sir. 22 Dodge. Best goddamn car Dodge ever made. Never wear out. Low compression. High compression got lots a sap for a while, but the metal aint made thatll hold it for long. Plymouths, Rocknes, Stars. Jesus, whered that Apperson come from, the Ark? And a Chalmers and a Chandler aint made em for years. We aint sellin cars rolling junk. Goddamn it, I got to get jalopies. I dont want nothing for moren twenty-five, thirty bucks. Sell em for fifty, seventy-five. Thats a good profit. Christ, what cut do you make on a new car? Get jalopies. I can sell 'em fast as I get em. Nothing over two hundred fifty. Jim, corral that old bastard on the sidewalk. Dont know his ass from a hole in the ground. Try him on that Apperson. Say, where is that Apperson? Sold? If we dont get some jalopies we got nothing to sell. Flags, red and white, white and blue all along the curb Used Cars. Good Used Cars- The Grapes of Wrath 85 Today s bargain up on the platform. Never sell it. Makes folks come in, though. If we sold that bargain at that price wed hardly make a dime. Tell em its jus sold. Take out that yard battery before you make delivery. Put in that dumb cell. Christ, what they want for six bits? Roll up your sleeves pitch in. This aint gonna last. If I had enough jalopies Id retire in six months. Listen, Jim, I heard that Chewys rear end. Sounds like bustin bottles. Squirt in a couple quarts of sawdust. Put some in the gears, too. We got to move that lemon for thirty-five dollars. Bastard cheated me on that one. I offered ten an he jerks me to fifteen, an then the son-of-a-bitch took the tools out. God Almighty! I wisht I had five hundred jalopies. This aint gonna last. He dont like the tires? Tell im they got ten thousand in em, knock off a buck an a half. Piles of rusty ruins against the fence, rows of wrecks in back, fenders, grease-black wrecks, blocks lying on the ground and a pig weed growing up through the cylinders. Brake rods, exhausts, piled like snakes. Grease, gasoline. See if you cant find a spark plug that aint cracked. Christ, if I had fifty trailers at under a hundred Id clean up. What the hell is he kickin about? We sell em, but we dont push em home for him. Thats good! Dont push em home. Get that one in the Monthly, I bet. You dont think hes a pros- pect? Well, kick im out. We got too much to do to bother with a guy that cant make up his mind. Take the right front tire off the Graham. Turn that mended side down. The rest looks swell. Got tread an everything. Sure! Theres fifty thousan in that ol heap yet. Keep plenty oil in. So long. Good luck. Lookin for a car? What did you have in mind? See any- thing attracts you? Im dry. How about a little snort a good 86 The Grapes of Wrath stuff? Come on, while your wifes lookin at that La Salle You dont want no La Salle. Bearings shot. Uses too much oil. Got a Lincoln 24. Theres a car. Run forever. Make her into a truck.  Hot sun on rusted metal. Oil on the ground. People are wandering in, bewildered, needing a car. Wipe your feet. Dont lean on that car, its dirty. How do you buy a car? What does it cost? Watch the children, now. I wonder how much for this one? Well ask. It dont cost money to ask. We can ask, cant we? Cant pay a nickel over seventy-five, or there wont be enough to get to California. God, if I could only get a hundred jalopies. I dont care if they run or not. Tires, used, bruised tires, stacked in tall cylinders; tubes, red, gray, hanging like sausages. Tire patch? Radiator cleaner? Spark intensifier? Drop this little pill in your gas tank and get ten extra miles to the gallon. Just paint it on you got a new surface for fifty cents. Wipers, fan belts, gaskets? Maybe its the valve. Get a new valve stem. What can you lose for a nickel? All right, Joe. You soften em up an shoot em in here. PH dose em, Ill deal em or Ill kill em. Dont send in no bumj' I want deals. Yes, sir, step in. You got a buy there. Yes, sir! At eighty bucks you got a buy. I cant go no higher than fifty. The fella outside says fifty. Fifty. Fifty? Hes nuts. Paid seventy-eight fifty for that little number. Joe, you crazy fool, you tryin to bust us? Have to can that guy. I might take sixty. Now look here, mister, I aint got all day. Im a business man but I aint cut to stick nobody. Got anything to trade? Got a pair of mules Ill trade. The Grapes of Wrath 87 Mules! Hey, Joe, hear this? This guy wants to trade mules. Didn t nobody tell you this is the machine age? They dont use mules for nothing but glue no more. Fine big mules five and seven years old. Maybe we better look around. Look around! You come in when were busy, an take up our time an then walk out! Joe, did you know you was talkin to pikers? I aint a piker. I got to get a car. Were goin to California. I got to get a car. Well, Im a sucker. Joe says Im a sucker. Says if I dont quit givin my shirt away Ill starve to death. Tell you what Ill do I can get five bucks apiece for them mules for dog feed. I wouldnt want them to go for dog feed. Well, maybe I can get ten or seven maybe. Tell you what well do. Well take your mules for twenty. Wagon goes with em, don t it? An you put up fifty, an you can sign a contract to send the rest at ten dollars a month. But you said eighty. Didnt you never hear about carrying charges and insur- ance? That just boosts her a little. Youll get her all paid up in four-five months. Sign your name right here. Well take care of everthing. Well, I dont know  Now, look here. Im givin you my shirt, an you took all this time. I might a made three sales while I been talkin to you. Im disgusted. Yeah, sign right there. All right, sir. Joe. fill up the tank for this gentleman. Well give him gas. Jesus, Joe, that was a hot one! Whatd we give for that jalopy? Thirty bucks thirty-five wasnt it? I got that team, an if I cant get seventy-five for that team, I aint a business 88 The Grapes of Wrath man. An 1 got fifty cash an" a contract for forty more. Oh, I know theyre not all honest, but itll surprise you how many kick through with the rest. One guy come through with a hundred two years after I wrote him off. I bet you this guy sends the money. Christ, if I could only get five hundred jalopies! Roll up your sleeves, Joe; Go out an" soften em, an send em in to me. You get twenty on that last deal You aint doing bad. Limp flags in the afternoon sun. Todays Bargain. 29 Ford pickup, runs good. What do you want for fifty bucks a Zephyr? Horsehair curling out of seat cushions, fenders battered and hammered back. Bumpers tom loose and hanging. Fancy Ford roadster with little colored lights at fender guide, at radiator cap, and three behind. Mud aprons, and a big die on the gear-shift lever. Pretty girl on tire cover, painted in color and named Cora. Afternoon sun on the dusty windshields. Christ, I aint had time to go out an eat! Joe, send a kid for a hamburger. Spattering roar of ancient engines. Theres a dumb-bunny lookin at that Chrysler. Find out if he got any jack in his jeans. Some a these farm boys is sneaky. Soften em up an roll em in to me, Joe. Youre doin good. Sure, we sold it. Guarantee? We guaranteed it to be an automobile. We didnt guarantee to wet-nurse it. Now listen here, you you bought a car, an now youre squawkin. I dont give a damn if you dont make payments. We aint got your paper. We turn that over to the finance company. Theyll get after you, not us. We dont hold no paper. Yeah? Well you jus get tough an Ill call a cop. No, we did not switch the tires. Run im outa here, Joe. He bought a car, an The Grapes of Wrath 80 now he aint satisfied. Howd you think if I bought a steak an 5 et half an try to bring it back? Were runnin a business, not a charity ward. Can ya imagine that guy, Joe? Say looka there! Got a Elks tooth! Run over there. Let em glance over that 36 Pontiac. Yeah. Square noses, round noses, rusty noses, shovel noses, and the long curves of streamlines, and the fiat surfaces before streamlining. Bargains Today. Old monsters with deep up- holstery you can cut her into a truck easy. Two-wheel trailers, axles rusty in the hard afternoon sun. Used Cars. Good Used Cars. Clean, runs good. Dont pump oil. Christ, look at er! Somebody took nice care of er. Cadillacs, La Salles, Buicks, Plymouths, Packards, Chev- vies, Fords, Pontiacs. Row on row, headlights glinting in the afternoon sun. Good Used Cars. Soften em up, Joe. Jesus, 1 wisht I had a thousand jalopies! Get em ready to deal, an Ill close em. Coin to California? Heres jus what you need. Looks shot, but theys thousans of miles in her. Lined up side by side. Good Used Cars. Bargains. Clean runs good. Chapter Eight m HE SKY grayed among the stars, and the pale, late I quarter-moon was insubstantial and thin. Tom Joad JL and the preacher walked quickly along a road that was only wheel tracks and beaten caterpillar tracks through a cotton field. Only the unbalanced sky showed the approach of dawn, no horizon to the west, and a line to the east. The two men walked in silence and smelled the dust their feet kicked into the air.  I. hope youre, dead sure of the way, Jim Casy said. Id hate to have the dawn come and us be way to hell an gone somewhere. The cotton field scurried with waking life, the quick flutter of morning birds feeding on the ground, the scamper over the clods of disturbed rabbits. The quiet thud- ding of the mens feet in the dust, the squeak of crushed clods under their shoes, sounded against the secret noises of the dawn. Tom said, I could shut my eyes an walk right there. Ony way I can go wrong is think about her. Jus forget about her, an Ill go right there. Hell, man, I was bom right aroun in here. I run aroun here when I was a kid. Theys a tree over there look, you can jus make it out. Well, once my old man hung up a dead coyote in that tree. Hung there till it was all sort of melted, an then dropped off. Dried up, like. Jesus, I hope Mas cookin somepin. My bellys caved. Me too, said Casy. Like a little eatin tobacca? Keeps 0 The Grapes of Wrath 91 ya from gettin too hungry. Been better if we didn start so damn early. Better if it was light. He paused to gnaw off a piece of plug. I was sleepin nice. That crazy Muley done it, said Tom. He got me clear 1 jumpy. Wakes me up an says, 4 By, Tom. Im goin on. I got places to go. An he says, Better get goin too, sos youll be offa this lan when the light comes. Hes gettin screwy as a gopher, livin like he does. Youd think Injuns was after him. Think hes nuts? Well, I dunno. You seen that car come las night when we had a little fire. You seen how the house was smashed. Theys somepin purty mean goin on. Course Muleys crazy, all right. Creepin aroun like a coyote; thats boun to make him crazy. Hell kill somebody purty soon an theyll run him down with dogs. I can see it like a prophecy. Hell get worse an worse. Wouldn come along with us, you say? No, said Joad. I think hes scared to see people now. Wonder he come up to us. Well be at Uncle Johns place by sunrise. They walked along in silence for a time, and the late owls flew over toward the barns, the hollow trees, the tank houses, where they hid from daylight. The eastern sky grew fairer and it was possible to see the cotton plants and the graying earth. Damn if I know how theyre all sleepin at Uncle Johns. He ony got one room an a cookin leanto, an a little bit of a barn. Must be a mob there now. The preacher said, I dont recollect that John had a farm bly. Just a lone man, aint he? I dont recollect much about him. Lonest goddamn man in the world, said Joad. Crazy kind of son-of-a-bitch, too somepin like Muley, ony worse in some ways. Might see im anywheres at Shawnee, drunk, or visitin a widow twenty miles away, or workin his place 92 The Grapes of Wrath with a lantern. Crazy. Everbody thought he wouldnt live long. A lone man like that dont live long. But Uncle Johns oldern Pa. Jus gets stringier an meaner ever year. Meanern Grampa. Look a the light cornin, said the preacher. Silvery- like. Didn John never have no fambly? Well, yes, he did, an thatll show you the kind a fella he is set in his ways. Pa tells about it. Uncle John, he had a young wife. Married four months. She was in a family. way, too, an one night she gets a pain in her stomick, an she says, 'You better go for a doctor. Well, John, hes settin there, an he says, 'You just got a stomickache. You et too much. , Take a dose a pain killer. You crowd up ya stomick an ya get a stomickache, he says. Nex noon shes outa her head, an she dies at about four in the afternoon. What was it? Casy asked. Poisoned from somepin he et? No, somepin jus bust in her. Ap appendick or somepin. Well, Uncle John, hes always been a easy-goin fella, an he takes it hard. Takes it for a sin. For a long time he wont have nothin to say to nobody. Just walks aroun like he dont see nothin, an he prays some. Todt im two years to come out of it, an then he aint the same. Sort of wild. Made a damn nuisance of hisself. Ever time one of us kids got worms or a gutache Uncle John brings a doctor out. Pa finally toF him he got to stop. Kids all the time gettin a gutache. He figures its his fault his woman died. Funny fella. Hes all the time makin it up to somebody-givin kids stuff, droppin a sack a meal on somebodys porch. Give away about everthing he got, an still he aint very happy. Gets walkin around alone at night sometimes. Hes a good farmer, though. Keeps his lan nice.  ' The Grapes of Wrath 93 Poor fella, said the preacher. Poor lonely fella. Did he go to church much when his woman died? No, he didn. Never wanted to get close to folks. Wanted to be off alone. I never seen a kid that wasnt crazy about him. He d come to our house in the night sometimes, an we imowed he come cause jus as sure as he come thered be a pack a gum in the bed right beside ever one of us. We thought he was J esus Christ Awmighty. The preacher walked along, head down. He didnt answer. And the light of the coming morning made his forehead seem to shine, and his hands, swinging beside him, flicked into the light and out again. Tom was silent too, as though he had said too intimate a thing and was ashamed. He quickened his pace and the preacher kept step. They could see a little into gray distance ahead now. A snake wriggled slowly from the cotton rows into the road. Tom stopped short of it and peered. Gopher snake, he said. Let him go. They walked around the snake and went on their way. A little color came into the eastern sky, and almost immediately the lonely dawn light crept over the land. Green appeared on the cotton plants and the earth was grav-brown. The faces of the men lost their gray' ish shine. Joads face seemed to darken with the growing light. This is the good time, Joad said softly. When I was a kid I used to get up an walk around by myself when it was like this. Whats that ahead?  A committee of dogs had met in the road, in honor of a bitch. Five males, shepherd mongrels, collie mongrels, dogs whose breeds had been blurred by a freedom of social life, were engaged in complimenting the bitch. For each dog sniffed daintily and then stalked to a cotton plant on stiff legs, raised a hind foot ceremoniously and wetted, then went 94 The Grapes of Wrath back to smell, joad and the preacher stopped to watch, and suddenly Joad laughed joyously. By God! he said. By God! Now all dogs met and hackles rose, and they all growled and stood stiffly, each waiting for the others to start a fight. One dog mounted and, now that it was accom- plished, the others gave way and watched with interest, and their tongues were out, and their tongues dripped. The two men walked on. By God! Joad said. I think that up-dog is our Flash. I thought hed be dead. Come, Flash! He laughed again. What the hell, if somebody called me, 1 wouldnt hear him neither. Minds me of a story they tell about Willy Feeley when he was a young fella. Willy was bashful, awful bashful. Well, one day he takes a heifer over to Graves bull. Everbody was out but Elsie Graves, and Elsie wasnt bashful at all. Willy, he stood there turnin red an he couldnt even talk. Elsie says, I know what you come for; the bulls out in back a the barn. Well, they took the heifer out there an Willy an Elsie sat on the fence to watch. Purty soon Willy got feelin purty fly. Elsie looks over an says, like she dont know, Whats a matter, Willy?  Willys so randy he cant hardly set still. By God, he says, fby God, I wisht I was a-doin that! Elsie says, Why not, Willy? Its your heifer.  The preacher laughed softly. You know, he said, its a nice thing not bein a preacher no more. Nobody use ta tell stories when I was there, or if they did I couldn laugh. An I couldn cuss. Now I cuss all I want, any time I want, an it does a fella good to cuss if he wants to. A redness grew up out of the eastern horizon, and on the ground birds began to chirp, sharply. Look! said Joad. Right ahead. Thats Uncle Johns tank. Cant see the winmill, but theres his tank. See it against the sky? He speeded his walk. I wonder if all the folks are there. The The Grapes of Wrath 95 hulk of the tank stood above a rise. Joad, hurrying, raised a cloud of dust about his knees. I wonder if Ma   They saw the tank legs now, and the house, a square little box, un- painted and bare, and the bam, low-roofed and huddled. Smoke was rising from the tin chimney of the house. In the yard was a litter, piled furniture, the blades and motor of the windmill, bedsteads, chairs, tables. Holy Christ, theyre fixin to go! joad said. A truck stood in the yard, a truck with high sides, but a strange truck, for while the front of it was a sedan, the top had been cut off in the middle and the truck bed fitted on. And as they drew near, the men could hear pounding from the yard, and as the rim of the blinding sun came up over the horizon, it fell on the truck, and they saw a man and the flash of his hammer as it rose and fell. And the sun flashed on the windows of the house. The, weathered boards were bright. Two red chickens on the ground flamed with reflected light. Dont yell, said Tom. Lets creep up on em, like, and he walked so fast that the dust rose as high as his waist. And then he came to the edge of the cotton field. Now they were in the yard proper, earth beaten hard, shiny hard, and a few dusty crawling weeds on the ground. And Joad slowed as though he feared to go on. The preacher, watching him, slowed to match his step. Tom sauntered forward, sidled embarrassedly toward the truck. It was a Hudson Super-Six sedan, and the top had been ripped in two with a cold chisel. Old Tom Joad stood in the truck bed and he was nailing on the top rails of the truck sides. His grizzled, bearded face was low over his work, and a bunch of six- penny nails stuck out of his mouth. He set a nail and his hammer thundered it in. From the house came the clash of a lid on the stove and the wail of a child Joad sidled up to 9 6 The Grapes of Wrath the track bed and leaned against it. And his father looked at him and did not see him. His father set another nail and drove it in. A flock of pigeons started from the deck of the tank house and flew around and settled again and strutted to the edge to look over; white pigeons and blue pigeons and grays., with iridescent wings. Joad hooked his fingers over the lowest bar of the truck side. He looked up at the aging, graying man on the truck. He wet his thick lips with his tongue, and he said softly. Pa. What do you want? old Tom mumbled around his mouthful of nails. He wore a black, dirty slouch hat and a blue work shirt over which was a buttonless vest; his jeans were held up by a wide harness-leather belt with a big square brass buckle, leather and metal polished from years of wear- ing; and his shoes were cracked and the soles swollen and boat-shaped from years of sun and wet and dust. The sleeves of his shirt were tight on his forearms, held down by the bulging powerful muscles. Stomach and hips were lean, and legs, short, heavy, and strong. His face, squared by a bristling pepper and salt beard, was all drawn down to the forceful chin, a chin thrust out and built out by the stubble beard which was not so grayed on the chin, and gave weight and force to its thrust. Over old Toms umvhiskered cheek bones the skin was as brown as meerschaum, and wrinkled in rays around his eye-corners from squinting. His eyes were brown, black-coffee brown, and he thrust his head forward when he looked at a thing, for his bright dark eyes were failing. His lips, from which the big nails protruded, were thin and red. He held his hammer suspended in the air, about to drive a set nail, and he looked over the track side at Tom, looked resentful at being interrupted. And then his chin drove for The Grapes of Wrath 97 ward and his eyes lookfed at Toms face, and then gradually his brain became aware of what he saw. The hammer dropped slowly to his side, and with his left hand he took the nails from his mouth. And he said wonderingly, as though he told himself the fact, Its Tommy- And then, still inform- ing himself, Its Tommy come home. His mouth opened again, and a look of fear came into his eyes. Tommy, he said softly, you aint busted out? You aint got to hide? He listened tensely. ft' Naw, said Tom. Im paroled. Im free. I got my papers. He' gripped the lower bars of the truck side and looked up. Old Tom laid his hammer gently on the floor and put his nails in his pocket. He swung his leg over the side and dropped lithely to the ground, but once beside his son he seemed embarrassed and strange. Tommy, he said, we are goin to California. But we was gonna write you a letter an tell you. And he said, incredulously, But youre back. You can go with us. You can go! The lid of a coffee pot slammed in the house. Old Tom looked over his shoulder. u Les sup- prise em, he said, and his eyes shone with excitement, Your ma got a bad feelin she aint never gonna see you no more. She got that quiet look like when somebody died. Almost she dont want to go to California, fear shell never see you no more. A stove lid clashed in the house again. Les supprise em, old Tom repeated. Les go in like you never been away. Les jus see what your ma says. At last he touched Tom, but touched him on the shoulder, timidly, and instantly took his hand away. He looked at Jim Casy. Tom said, You remember the preacher, Pa. He come along with me. He been in prison too? 98 The Grapes of Wrath No, I met im on the road. He been away. Pa shook hands gravely. Youre welcome here, sir. Casy said, Glad to be here. Its a thing to see when a boy comes home. Its a thing to see. Home, Pa said. To his folks, the preacher amended quickly. We stayed at the other place last night. Pas chin thrust out, and he looked back down the road for 3. moment. Then he turned to Tom. Plowll we do her? he began excitedly. Spose I go in an say, Heres some fellas want some breakfast, or howd it be if you jus come in an stood there till she seen you? Howd that be? His face was alive with excitement. Dont les give her no shock, said Tom. Dont les scare her none. Two rangy shepherd dogs trotted up pleasantly, until they caught the scent of strangers, and then they backed cau- tiously away, watchful, their tails moving slowly and tenta- tively in the air, but their eyes and noses quick for animosity or danger. One of them, stretching his neck, edged forward, ready to run, and little by little he approached Toms legs and sniffed loudly at them. Then he backed away and watched Pa for some kind of signal. The other pup was not so brave. He looked about for something that could honor- ably divert his attention, saw a red chicken go mincing by, find ran at it. There was the squawk of an outraged hen, a burst of red feathers, and the hen ran off, flapping stubby wings for speed. The pup looked proudly back at the men, and then flopped down in the dust and beat its tail content- edly on the ground. Come on, said Pa, come on in now. She got to see you. I got to see her face when she sees you. Come on. Shell yell The Grapes of Wrath 99 breakfast in a minute. I heard her slap the salt pork in the pan a good time ago. He led the way across the fine-dusted ground. There was no porch on this house, just a step and then the door; a chopping block beside the door, its surface matted and soft from years of chopping. The graining in the sheathing wood was high, for the dust had cut down the softer wood. The smell of burning willow was in the air, and, as the three men neared the door, the smell of frying side- meat and the smell of high brown biscuits and the sharp smell of coffee rolling in the pot. Pa stepped up into the open doorway and stood there blocking it with his wide short body. He said, Ma, theres a coupla fellas jus come along the road, an they wonder if we could spare a bite. Tom heard his mothers voice, the remembered cool, calm drawl, friendly and humble. Let em come, she said. We got aplenty. Tell em they got to wash their bans. The bread is done. Im jus takin up the side-meat now. And the sizzle of the angry grease came from the stove. Pa stepped inside, clearing the door, and Tom looked in at Us mother. She was lifting the curling slices of pork from the frying pan. The oven door was open, and a great pan of high brown biscuits stood waiting there. She looked out the door, but the sun was behind Tom, and she saw only a dark figure outlined by the bright yellow sunlight. She nodded pleasantly. Come in, she said. Jus lucky I made plenty bread this morning. Tom stood looking in. Ma was heavy, but not fat; thick with child-bearing and work. She wore a loose Mother Hub- bard of gray cloth in which there had once been colored flowers, but the color was washed out now, so that the small flowered pattern was only a little lighter gray than the back- ground, The dress came down to her ankles, and her strong. T S ESsm m mmmm  .   IQO The Grapes of Wrath broad, bare feet moved quickly and deftly over the floor. Her thin, steel-gray hair was gathered in a sparse wispy knot at the back of her head. Strong, freckled arms were bare to the elbow, and her hands were chubby and delicate, like those of a plump little girl She looked out into the sunshine. Her full face was not soft; it was controlled, kindly. Her hazel eyes seemed to have experienced all possible tragedy and to have mounted pain and suffering like steps into a high calm and a superhuman understanding. She seemed to know, to accept, to welcome her position, the citadel of the family, the strong place that could not be taken. And since old Tom and the children could not know hurt or fear unless she acknowledged hurt and fear, she had prac- ticed denying them in herself. And since, when a joyful thing happened, they looked to see whether joy was on her r it was her habit to build up laughter out of inadequate mate- rials. But better than joy was calm. Imperturbability could be depended upon. And from her great and humble position in the family she had taken dignity and a clean calm beauty. From her position as healer, her hands had grown sure and cool and quiet; from her position as arbiter she had become as remote and faultless in judgment as a goddess. She seemed to know that if she swayed the family shook, and if she ever really deeply wavered or despaired the family would fall, the family will to function would be gone. She looked out into the sunny yard, at the dark figure of a man. Pa stood near by, shaking with excitement. Come in ,' 5 he cried. Come right in, mister. And Tom a little shame- facedly stepped over the doorsilL She looked up pleasantly from the frying pan. And then her hand sank slowly to her side and the fork clattered to the wooden floor. Her eyes opened wide, and the pupils The Grapes of Wrath ioi dilated. She breathed heavily through her open mouth. She closed her eyes. Thank God, 5  she said. Oh, thank God! And suddenly her face was worried. Tommy, you aint wanted? You didn bust loose? No, Ma. Parole. I got the papers here. He touched his breast. She moved toward him lithely, soundlessly in her bare feet, and her face was full of wonder. Her small hand felt his arm, felt the soundness of his muscles. And then her fingers went up to his cheek as a blind mans fingers might. And her joy was nearly like sorrow. Tom pulled his underlip between his teeth and bit it. Her eyes went wonderingly to his bitten lip, and she saw the little line of blood against his teeth and the trickle of blood down his lip. Then she knew, and her control came back, and her hand dropped. Her breath came out explosively. Well! she cried. We come mighty near to goin without ya. An we was wonderin how in the work you could ever find us. She picked up the fork and combed the boiling grease and brought out a dark curl of crisp pork. And she set the pot of tumbling coffee on the back of the stove. Old Tom giggled, Fooled ya, huh, Ma? We aimed to fool ya, and we done it. Jus stood there like a hammered sheep. Wisht Grampad been here to see. Looked like somebodyd beat ya between the eyes with a sledge. Grampa would a whacked imseif so hard hed a throwed his hip out like he done when he seen A1 take a shot at that grea big airship the army got. Tommy, it come over one day, half a mile big, an A1 gets the thirty-thirty and blazes away at her. Grampa yells, 'Dont shoot no fledglins, AI; wait till a growed-up one goes over, an then he whacked imseif an throwed his hip io2 The Grapes of Wrath Ma chuckled and took down a heap of tin plates from a shelf. Tom asked, Where is Grampa? I aint seen the oV devil . 1  Ma stacked the plates on the kitchen table and piled cups beside them. She said confidentially, Oh, him an Granma sleeps in the bam. They got to get up so much in the night. They was stumblin over the little fellas. Pa broke in, Yeah, ever night Grampa d get mad. Tum- ble over Winfield, an Winfieldd yell, an Grampad get mad an wet his drawers, an thatd make him madder, an purty soon everbody in the housed be yellin their head off. His words tumbled out between chuckles. Oh, we had lively times. One night when everbody was yellin an a-cussin, your brother Al, hes a smart aleck now, he says, Goddamn it, Grampa, why dont you run off an be a pirate? Well that made Grampa so goddamn mad he went for his gun. Al had ta sleep out in the fiel that night. But now Granma an Grampa both sleeps in the barn. Ma said, They can jus get up an step outside when they feel like it. Pa, run on out an tell em Tommys home. Grampas a favorite of him. A course, said Pa. I should of did it before. He went out the door and crossed the yard, swinging his hands high. Tom watched him go, and then his mothers voice called his attention. She was pouring coffee. She did not look at him. Tommy, she said hesitantly, timidly. Yeah? His timidity was set off by hers, a curious embar- rassment. Each one knew the other was shy, and became more shy in the knowledge. Tommy, I got to ask you you aint mad? Mad, Ma? The Grapes of Wrath 103 You aint poisoned mad? You dont hate nobody? They didn do nothin in that jail to rot you out with crazy mad? He looked sidewise at her, studied her, and his eyes seemed . _ _   - _ _ ...  J to ask how she could know such things. No-o-o, he said. I was for a little while. But I aint proud like some fellas. I let stuff run offn me. Whats a matter, Ma? , Now she was looking at him, her mouth open, as though to hear better, her eyes digging to know better. Her face looked for the answer that is always concealed in language. She said in confusion, I knowed Party Boy Floyd. I knowed his ma. They was good folks. He was full a hell, sure, like a good boy oughta be. She paused and then her words poured out. I don know all like this-but I know it. He done a little bad thing a they hurt im, caught im an hurt him so he was mad, an the nex bad thing he done was mad, an they hurt im again. An puny soon he was mean- mad. They shot at him like a varmint, an he shot back, , an then they run him like a coyote, an him a-snappm an a- snarlin, mean as a lobo. An he was mad. He wasnt no boy or no man no more, he was jus a walkin chunk a mean-mad But the folks that knowed him didn hurt im. He wasn mad at them. Finally they run him down an killed im. No matter how they say it in the paper how he was bad-thats how it was. She paused and she licked her dry lips, and her whole face was an aching question. I got to know, Tommy. 1 they hurt you so much? Did they make you mad like that? Toms heavy lips were pulled tight over his teeth. He looked down at his big flat hands. No, he said. l am t like that  He paused and studied the broken nails, whic vtere ridged like clam shells. All the time in stir I kep away from stuff like that. I ain so mad. io4 The Grapes of Wrath . ! She sighed, Thank God! under her breath. He looked up quickly. Ma, when I seen what they done to our house   . i She came near to him then, and stood close; and she said passionately, Tommy, don't you go fightin 'em alone. ; Theyll hunt you down like a coyote. Tommy, I got to thinkin an dreamin an wonderin, lliey say theres a hun- erd thousand of us shoved out. If we was all mad the same way, Tommy they wouldnt hunt nobody down She stopped. Tommy, looking at her, gradually dropped his eyelids, until just a short glitter showed through his lashes. Many folks feel that way? he demanded. I don know. Theyre jus kinda stunned. Walk aroun like they was half asleep. ' , From outside and across the yard came an ancient creaking bleat. Pu-raise Gawd fur vittory! Pu-raise Gawd fur vittory! Tom turned his head and grinned. Granma finally heard Fm home. Ma, he said, you never was like this before! Her face hardened and her eyes grew cold. I never had my house pushed over, she said. I never had my fambly stuck out on the road. I never had to sell everthing Here they come now. She moved back to the stove and dumped the big pan of bulbous biscuits on two tin plates. She shook flour into the deep grease to make gravy, and her hand was white with flour. For a moment Tom watched her, and then he went to the door. Across the yard came four people. Grampa was ahead, a lean, ragged, quick old man, jumping with quick steps and favoring his right leg the side that came out of joint. He ivas buttoning his fly as he came, and his old hands were hav-  The Grapes of Wrath 105 iug trouble finding the buttons, for he had buttoned the top button into the second buttonhole, and that threw the whole sequence off. He wore dark ragged pants and a tom blue shirt, open all the way down, and showing long gray under- wear, also unbuttoned. His lean white chest, fuzzed with white hair, was visible through the opening in his underwear. He gave up the fly and left it open and fumbled with the underwear buttons, then gave the whole thing up and hitched his brown suspenders. His was a lean excitable face with little bright eyes as evil as a frantic childs eyes. A can- tankerous, complaining, mischievous, laughing face. He fought and argued, told dirty stories. He was as lecherous as always. Vicious and cruel and impatient, like a frantic child, and the whole structure overlaid with amusement. He drank too much when he could get it, ate too much when it was there, talked too much all the time. Behind him hobbled Granma, who had survived only be- cause she was as mean as her husband. She had held her own with a shrill ferocious religiosity that was as lecherous and as savage as anything Grampa could offer. Once, after a meeting, while she was still speaking in tongues, she fired both barrels of a shotgun at her husband, ripping one of his buttocks nearly off, and after that he admired her and did not try to torture her as children torture bugs. As she walked she hiked her Mother Hubbard up to her knees, and she bleated her shrill terrible war cry Pu-raise Gawd fur vittory. Granma and Grampa raced each other to get across the broad yard. They fought over everything, and loved and needed the fighting. Behind them, moving slowly and evenly, but keeping up f came Pa and Noah-Noah the first-bom, tall and strange. 106 The Grapes of Wrath walking always with a wondering look on his face, calm and puzzled. He had never been angry in his life. He looked in wonder at angry people, wonder and uneasiness, as normal people look at the insane. Noah moved slowly, spoke seldom, and then so slowly that people who did not know him often thought him stupid. He was not stupid, but he -was strange. Fie had little pride, no sexual urges, He worked and slept in a curious rhythm that nevertheless sufficed him. He was fond of his folks, but never showed it in any way. Although an observer could not have told why, Noah left the impression of being misshapen, his head or his body or his legs or his mind; but no misshapen member could be recalled. Pa thought he knew why Noah was strange, but Pa .was ashamed, and never told. For on the night when Noah was bom, Pa, fright- ened at the spreading thighs, alone in the house, and horrified at the screaming wretch his wife had become, went mad with apprehension. Using his hands, his strong fingers for forceps, he had pulled and twisted the baby. The midwife, arriving late, had found the babys head pulled out of shape, its neck stretched, its body warped; and she had pushed the head back and molded the body with her hands. But Pa always remem- bered, and was ashamed. And he was kinder to Noah than to the others. In Noahs broad face, eyes too far apart, and long fragile jaw, Pa thought he saw the twisted, warped skull of the baby. Noah could do all that was required of him, could read and write, could work and figure, but he didnt seem to care; there was a listlessness in him toward things people wanted and needed. He lived in a strange silent house and looked out of it through calm eyes. He was a stranger to all the world, but he was not lonely. The four came across the yard, and Grampa demanded, Where is he? Goddamn it, where is he? And his fingers The Grapes of Wrath 107 fumbled for his pants button, and forgot and strayed into his pocket. And then he saw Tom standing in the door. Grampa stopped and he stopped the others. His little eyes glittered with malice. Lookut him, he said. A jailbird. Ain't been no Joads in jail for a hell of a time. His mind jumped. Got no right to put im in jail. He done just what I'd do. Sons-a- bitches got no right. His mind jumped again. An oP Turn- bull, stinkin skunk, braggin how hell shoot ya when ya come out. Says he got Hatfield blood. Well, I sent word to 4 him. I says, 'Dont mess around with no Joad. Maybe I got McCoy blood for all I know. I says, 'You lay your sights anywheres near Tommy an Ill take it an Ill ram it up your ass, I says. Scairt im, too. Granma, not following the conversation, bleated, Pu-raise Gawd fur vittory. Grampa walked up and slapped Tom on the chest, and his eyes grinned with affection and pride. "How are ya r Tommy? O.K. said Tom. How ya keepin yaself?  Full a piss an vinegar, said Grampa. His mind jumped. Jus like I said, they aint a gonna keep no Joad in jail. 1 says, Tommyll come a-bustin outa that jail like a bull through a corral fence. An you done it. Get outa my way. Im hungry. He crowded past, sat down, loaded his plate with pork and two big biscuits and poured the thick gravy over the whole mess, and before the others could get in, Grampas mouth was full. Tom grinned affectionately at him. Aint he a heller? he said. And Grampas mouth was so full that he couldnt even splutter, but his mean little eyes smiled, and he nodded his head violently. Granma said proudly, A wicketer, cussiner man never io8 The Grapes of Wrath lived. Hes goin to hell on a poker, praise Gawd! Wants to drive the truck! she said spitefully. Well, he aint goin ta. Grampa choked, and a mouthful of paste sprayed into his lap, and he coughed weakly. Granina smiled up at Tom. Messy, aint he? she ob- served brightly. Noah stood on the step, and he faced Tom, and his wide- set eyes seemed to look around him. His face had little ex- pression. Tom said, How ya, Noah? Fine, said Noah. How a you? That was all, but it was a comfortable thing. Ma waved the flies away from the bowl of gravy. We aint got room to set down, she said. Jus get yaself a plate an set down wherever ya can. Out in the yard or some- place. Suddenly Tom said, Hey! Wheres the preacher? He was right here. Whered he go? Pa said, I seen him, but hes gone. And Granina raised a shrill voice, Preacher? You got a preacher? Go git him. Well have a grace. She pointed at Grampa. Too late for him hes et. Go git the preacher. Tom stepped out on the porch. Hey, Jim! Jim Casy! he called. He walked out in the yard. Oh, Casy! The preacher emerged from under the tank, sat up, and then stood up and moved toward the house. Tom asked, What was you doin, hidin? Well, no. But a fella shouldn butt his head in where a fambly got fambly stuff. I was jus settin a-thinkin. Come on in an eat, said Tom. Granma wants a grace. But I aint a preacher no more, Casy protested. Aw, come on. Give her a grace. Dont do you no harm, an f he likes em. They walked into the kitchen together. The Grapes of Wrath 109 Ma said quietly, Youre welcome. And Pa said, Youre welcome. Have some breakfast. Grace fust, Granma clamored. Grace fust. Grampa focused his eyes fiercely until he recognized Casy, Oh, that preacher, he said. Oh, hes all right. I always liked him since I seen him He winked so lecherously that Granma thought he had spoken and retorted, Shut up, you sinful ol goat. . Casy ran his fingers through his hair nervously. I got to tell you, I aint a preacher no more. If me jus bein glad to be here an bein thankful for people thats kind and gener- ous, if thats enough why, Ill say that kinda grace. But 1 aint a preacher no more. Say her, said Granma. An get in a word about us goin 1 to California. The preacher bowed his head, and the others bowed their heads. Ma folded her hands over her stomach and bowed her head. Granma bowed so low that her nose was nearly in her plate of biscuit and gravy. Tom, lean- ing against the wall, a plate in his hand, bowed stiffly, and Grampa bowed his head sidewise, so that he could keep one mean and merry eye on the preacher. And on the preachers face there was a look not of prayer, but of thought; and in his tone not supplication, but conjecture. I been thinkin, he said. I been in the hills, thinking almost you might say like Jesus went into the wilderness to think His way out of a mess of troubles. Pu-raise Gawd!  Granma said, and the preacher glanced over at her in surprise. Seems like Jesus got all messed up with troubles, couldnt figure nothin out, an He got to feelin what the hell good is it all, an whats the use fightin an no The Grapes of Wrath come to the conclusion, the hell with it. An so He went off into the wilderness. A men, Granma bleated. So many years she had timed her responses to the pauses. And it was so many years since she had listened to or wondered at the words used. I aint sayin Im like Jesus, the preacher went on. But I got tired like Him, an I got mixed up like Him, an I went into the wilderness like Him, without no campin stuff. Nighttime Id lay on my back an look up at the stars; morn- ing Id set an watch the sun come up; midday Id look out from a hill at the rollin dry country; evenin Id foller the sun down. Sometimes Id pray like I always done. Ony I couldn figure what I was prayin to or for. There was the hills, an there was me, an we wasnt separate no more. We was one thing. An that one thing was holy. Hallelujah, said Granma, and she rocked a little, back and forth, trying to catch hold of an ecstasy. An I got thinkin, ony it wasnt thinkin, it was deeper down than thinkin. I got thinkin how we was holy when we was one thing, an mankin was holy when it was one thing. An it ony got unholy when one misable little fella got the bit in his teeth an run off his own way, kickin an draggin an fightin. Fella like that bust the holiness. But when theyre all workin together, not one fella for another fella, but one fella kind of harnessed to the whole shebang thats right, thats holy. An then I got thinkin I dont even know what I mean by holy. He paused, but the bowed heads stayed down, for they had been trained like dogs to rise at the amen signal. I cant say no grace like I use ta say. Im glad of the holiness of breakfast. Im glad theres love here. Thats all. The heads stayed down. The preacher Ill The Grapes of Wrath looked around. Ive got your breakfast cold, he said; and then he remembered. Amen, he said, and all the heads rose up. A men, said Granma, and she fell to her breakfast, and broke down the soggy biscuits with her hard old toothless gums. Tom ate quickly, and Pa crammed his mouth. There was no talk until the food was gone, the coffee drunk; only the crunch of chewed food and the slup of coffee cooled in transit to the tongue. Ma watched the preacher as he ate, and her eyes were questioning, probing and understanding. She watched him as though he were suddenly a spirit, not human any more, a voice out of the ground. The men finished and put down their plates, and drained the last of their coffee; and then the men went out, Pa and the preacher and Noah and Grampa and Tom, and they walked over to the truck, avoiding the litter of furniture, the wooden bedsteads, the windmill machinery, the old plow. They walked to the truck and stood beside it. They touched the new pine side-boards. Tom opened the hood and looked at the big greasy engine. And Pa came up beside him. He said, Your brother A1 looked her over before we bought her. He says shes all right. Whats he know? Hes just a squirt, said Tom.  He worked for a company. Drc ve truck last year. He knows quite a little. Smart aleck like he is. He knows. He can tinker an engine, A1 can. Tom asked, Wheres he now? Well, said Pa, hes a-billygoatin aroun the country. Tom-cattin hisself to death. Smart-aleck sixteen-year-older, an his nuts is just a-eggin him on. He dont think of nothin 1 1 2 The Grapes of Wrath but girls and engines. A plain smart aleck. Aint been in nights for a week. Grampa, fumbling with his chest, had succeeded in but- toning the buttons of his blue shirt into the buttonholes of his underwear. His fingers felt that something was wrong, but did not care enough to find out. His fingers went down to try to figure out the intricacies of the buttoning of his fly. u l was worse, he said happily. I was- much worse. I was a heller, you might say. Why, they was a camp meetin right in Sailisaw when I was a young fella a little bit oldern AL Hes just a squirt, an punkin-soft. But I was older. An we was to this here camp meetin. Five hunderd folks there, an a proper sprinklin of young heifers. You look like a heller yet, Grampa, said Tom. Well, I am, kinda. But I aint nowheres near the fella 1 was. Jus let me get out to California where I can pick me an orange when I want it. Or grapes. Theres a thing I aint never had enough of. Gonna get me a whole big bunch a grapes off a bush, or whatever, an Im gonna squash em on my face an let em run offen my chin. Tom asked, Wheres Uncle John? Wheres Rosasharn? Wheres Ruthie an Winfield? Nobody said nothin about them yet. Pa said, Nobody asked. John gone to Sailisaw with a load u stuff to sell pump, tools, chickens, an all the stuff we brung over. Took Ruthie an Winfield with im. Went fore daylight. Funny I never saw him, said Tom. Well, you come down from the highway, didn you? He took the back way, by Cowlington. An Rosasharn, shes nestin with Connies folks. By God! You dont even know Rosasharns married to Connie Rivers. You member Connie. The Grapes of Wrath 1 1 3 Nice young fella. An Rosasharns due bout three-four-five months now. Swellin up right now. Looks fine. Jesus! said Tom. Rosasharn was just a little kid. An now shes gonna have a baby. So damn much happens in four years if youre away. When ya think to start out west, Pa? Well, we got to take this stuff in an sell it. If A1 gets back from his squirtin aroun, I figgered he could load the truck an take all of it in, an maybe we could start out tomorra or day after. We aint got so much money, an a fella says its damn near two thousan miles to California. Quicker we get started, surer it is we get there. Moneys a-dribblin out all the time. You got any money? Ony a couple dollars. Howd you get money? Well, said Pa, we sol all the stuff at our place, an the whole bunch of us chopped cotton, even Grampa. Sure did, said Grampa. We put ever thing together two hundred dollars. We give seventy-five for this here truck, an me an A1 cut her in two an built on this here back. A1 was gonna grind the valves, but hes too busy messin aroun to get down to her. Well have maybe a hundred an fifty when we start. Damn ol tires on this here truck aint gonna go far. Got a couple of wore out spares. Pick stuff up along the road, I guess. The sun, driving straight down, stung with its rays. The shadows of the truck bed were dark bars on the ground, and the truck smelled of hot oil and oilcloth and paint. The few chickens had left the yard to hide in the tool shed from the sun. In the sty die pigs lay panting, close to the fence where a thin shadow fell, and they complained shrilly now and then. The two dogs were stretched in the red dust under the truck, panting, dieir dripping tongues covered with dust. Pa pulled his hat low over his eyes and squatted down on hir 1H l' !l ft  t  if  IS I I i 1 ; M Ml - . 154 The Grapes of Wrath hams. And, as though this were his natural position of thought and observation, he surveyed Tom critically, the new but aging cap, the suit, and the new shoes. Did you spen your money for them clothes? he asked. Them clothes are jus gonna be a nuisance to ya. They give em to me, said Tom. When I come out they give em to me. He took off his cap and looked at it with some admiration, then wiped his forehead with it and put it on rakishly and pulled at the visor. Pa observed, Thems a nice-loookin pair a shoes they give ya Yeah, Joad agreed. Purty for nice, but they aint no shoes to go walkin aroun in on a hot day. He squatted be- side his father. Noah said .slowly, Maybe if you got them side-boards all true on, we could load up this stuff. Load her up so maybe if A! comes in   Lean drive her, if thats what you w T ant, Tom said. I drove truck at McAlester. Good, said Pa, and then his eyes stared down the road. If I aint mistaken, theres a young smart aleck draggin his tail home right now, he said. Looks purty wore out, too. Tom and the preacher looked up the road. And randy Al, seeing he was being noticed, threw back his shoulders, and he came into the yard with a swaying strut like that of a rooster about to crow. Cockily, he walked close before he recognized Tom; and when he did, his boasting face changed, and admiration and veneration shone in his eyes, and his swagger fell away. His stiff jeans, with the bottoms turned up eight inches to show his heeled boots, his three- The Grapes of Wrath 1 1 5 inch belt with copper figures on it, even the red arm bands on his blue shirt and the rakish angle. of his Stetson hat could not build him up to his brothers stature; for his brother had killed a man, and no one would ever forget it. A1 knew that even he had inspired some admiration among boys of his own age because his brother had killed a man. Fie had heard in SaJlisaw how he was pointed out Thats A1 Joad. His brother killed a fella with a shovel And now Al, moving humbly near, saw that his brother was not a swaggerer as he had supposed. Al saw the dark brooding eyes of his brother, and the prison calm, the smooth hard face trained to indicate nothing to a prison guard, neither resistance nor slavishness. And instantly A changed. Unconsciously he became like his brother, and his handsome face brooded, and his shoulders relaxed. He hadnt remembered how Tom was. Tom said, Hello. Jesus, youre growin like a bean! 1 wouldnt of knowed you. Al, his hand ready if Tom should want to shake it, grinned self-consciously. Tom stuck out his hand and Als hand jerked out to meet it. And there was liking between these two. They tell me youre a good hand with a truck, said Tom. And Al, sensing that his brother would not like a boaster, said, I dont know nothin much about it Pa said, Been smart-alecking aroun the country. You  look wore out. Well, you got to take a load of stuff into Sallisaw to sell Al looked at his brother Tom. Care to ride in? he said as casually at he could. 1 1 6 The Grapes of Wrath No, I cant said Tom. Ill help aroun here. Well be-, together on the road. A1 tried to control his question. Did did you bust out?' Of jail? No, said Tom. I got paroled. u Qh. And A! was a little disappointed. Chapter Nine I N THE little houses the tenant people sifted their belong- ings and the belongings of their fathers and of their grandfathers. Picked over their possessions for the journey to the west. The men were ruthless because the past had been spoiled, but the women knew how the past would cry to them in the coming days. The men went into the barns and the sheds. That plow, that harrow, remember in the war we planted mustard? Remember a fella wanted us to put in that rubber bush they call guayule? Get rich, he said. Bring out those tools get a few dollars for them. Eighteen dollars for that plow, plus freight-Sears Roebuck. Harness, carts, seeders, little bundles of hoes. Bring 'em out. Pile em up. Load em in the wagon. Take em to town. Sell em for what you can get. Sell the team and the wagon, too. No more use for anything. Fifty cents isnt enough to get for a good plow. That seeder cost thirty-eight dollars. Two dollars isnt enough. Cant haul it all back Well, take it, and a bitterness with it. Take the well pump and the harness. Take halters, collars, hames, and tugs. Take the little glass brow-band jewels, roses red under glass. Got those for the bay gelding. Member how he lifted his feet when he trotted?  Junk piled up in a yard. II 7 1 1 8 The Grapes of Wrath Cant sell a hand plow any more. Fifty cents for the weight of the metal. Disks and tractors, thats the stuff now. Well, take it  all junk and give me five dollars. Youre not buying only junk, youre buying junked lives. And more youll see youre buying bitterness. Buying a plow to plow your own children under, buying the arms and spirits that might have saved you. Five dollars, not four. I cant haul em back Well, take em for four. But 1 warn you, youre buy- ing what will plow your own children under. And you wont see. You cant see. Take em for four. Now, whatll you give for the team and wagon? Those fine bays, matched they are, matched in color, matched the way they walk, stride to stride. In the stiff pull straining hams and but- tocks, split-second timed together. And in the morning, the light on them, bay light. They look over the fence sniff- ing for us, and the stiff ears swivel to hear us, and the black forelocks! Ive got a girl. She likes to braid the manes and forelocks, puts little red bows on them. Likes to do it. Not any more. I could tell you a funny story about that girl and that off bay. Would make you laugh. Off horse is eight, near is ten, but might of been twin colts the way they work to- gether. See? The teeth. Sound all over. Deep lungs. Feet fair and clean. How much? Ten dollars? For both? And the wagon Oh, Jesus Christ! Id shoot em for dog feed first. Oh, take em! Take em quick, mister. Youre buying a little girl plaiting the forelocks, taking off her hair ribbon to make bows, standing back, head cocked, rubbing the soft noses with her cheek. Youre buying years of work, toil in the sun; youre buying a sorrow that cant talk. But watch it, mister. Theres a premium goes with this pile of junk and the bay horses so beautiful a packet of bitterness to grow in your house and to flower, some day. We could have saved you, The Grapes of Wrath 119 but you cut us down, and soon you will be cut down and therell be none of us to save you. . And the tenant men came walking back, hands in their pockets, hats pulled down. Some bought a pint and drank it fast to make the impact hard and stunning. But they didnt laugh and they didnt dance. They didnt sing or pick the guitars. They walked back to the farms, hands in pockets and heads down, shoes kicking the red dust up. Maybe we can start again, in the new rich land-in Calk fornia, where the fruit grows. Well start over. . But you cant start. Only a baby can start. You and me- why, were all thats been. The anger of a moment, the thou- sand pictures, thats us. This land, this red land, is us; and the flood years and the dust years and the drought years are us. We cant start again. The bitterness we sold to the junk man he got it all right, but we have it still. And when the owner men told us to go, thats us; and when the tractor hit the house, thats us until were dead. To California or any place every one a drum major leading a parade of hurts, marching with our bitterness. And some day the armies of bitterness will all be going the same way. And theyll all walk together, and therell be a dead terror from it. The tenant men scuffed home to the farms through the red dust. When everything that could be sold was sold, stoves and bedsteads, chairs and tables, little corner cupboards, tubs and tanks, still there were piles of possessions; and the women sat among them, turning them over and looking off beyond and back, pictures, square glasses, and heres a vase. Now you know well what we can take and what we cant take. Well be camping out a few pots to cook and wash in, and mattresses and comforts, lantern and buckets, and a piece 120 The Grapes of Wrath of canvas. Use that for a tent. This kerosene can. Know what that is? Thats the stove. And clothes take all the clothes. And the rifle? Wouldnt go out naked of a rifle. When shoes and clothes and food, when even hope is gone, well have the rifle. When grampa came did I tell you? he had pepper and salt and a rifle. Nothing else. That goes. And a bottle for water. That just about fills us. Right up the sides of the trailer, and the kids can set in the trailer, and granma on a mattress. Tools, a shovel and saw and wrench and pliers. An ax, too. We had that ax forty years. Look how shes wore down. And ropes, of course. The rest? Leave it or burn it up. And the children came. If Mary takes that doll, that dirty rag doll, I got to take my Injun bow. I got to. An this roun stick big as me. I might need this stick. I had this stick so long a month, or maybe a year. I got to take it. And whats it like in California? The women sat among the doomed things, turning them over and looking past them and back. This book. My father had it. He liked a book. Pilgrim's Progress. Used to read it. Got his name in it. And his pipe still smells rank. And this picture an angel. I looked at that before the fust three come didnt seem to do much good. Think we could get this china dog in? Aunt Sadie brought it from the St. Louis Fair. See? Wrote right on it. No, I guess not. Heres a letter my brother wrote the day before he died. Heres an old-time hat. These feathers never got to use them. No, there isnt room. How can we live without our lives? How will we know its us without our past? No. Leave it. Bum it. They sat and looked at it and burned it into their memo- ries. Howll it be not to know what lands outside the door? The Grapes of Wrath 121 How if you wake up in the night and know-and know the willow tree s not there? Can you live without the willow tree? Well, no, you cant. The willow tree is you. The pain on that mattress there-that dreadful pain-thats you. And the children if Sam takes his Injun bow an his long roun stick, I get to take two things. I choose the fluffy pilla. Thats mine. Suddenly they were nervous. Got to get out quick now. Cant wait. We cant wait. And they piled up the goods in the yards and set fire to them. They stood and watched them burning, and then frantically they loaded up the cars and drove away, drove in the dust. The dust hung in the air for a long time after the loaded cars had passed. I Chapter Ten  W THEN the truck had gone, loaded with imple-    ments, with heavy tools, with beds and springs, .  y '  with every movable thing that might be sold, Tom hung around the place. He mooned into the barn shed, into the empty stalls, and he walked into the implement lean- to and kicked the refuse that was left, turned a broken mower tooth with his foot. He visited places he remembered the red bank where the swallows nested, the willow tree over the pig pen. Two shoats grunted and squirmed at him through the fence, black pigs, sunning and comfortable. And then his pilgrimage was over, and he went to sit on the door- step where the shade was lately fallen. Behind him Ma moved about in the kitchen, washing childrens clothes in a bucket; and her strong freckled arms dripped soapsuds from the elbows. She stopped her rubbing when he sat down. She looked at him a long time, and at the back of his head when he turned and stared out at the hot sunlight. And then she ' went back to her rubbing. She said, Tom, I hope things is all right in California. He turned and looked at her. What makes you think they aint? he asked. Well nothing. Seems too nice, kinda. I seen the hanbills fellas pass out, an how much work they is, an high wages an all; an I seen in the paper how they want folks to come The Grap es of Wrath 123 an pick grapes an oranges an peaches. Thatd be nice work, Tom, pickin peaches. Even if they wouldnt let you eat none, you could maybe snitch a little ratty one sometimes. An itd be nice under the trees, workin in the shade. Fra scared of stuff so nice. I aint got faith. Im scared somepln aint so nice about it. Tom said, Dont roust your faith bird-high an you wont do no crawlin with the worms. I know thats right. Thats Scripture, aint it? I guess so, said Tom. I never could keep Scripture straight sence I read a book name The Winning of Barbara Worth Ma chuckled lightly and scrounged the clothes in and out of the bucket. And she wrung out overalls and shirts, and the muscles of her forearms corded out. Your Pas pa, he quoted Scripture all the time. He got it all roiled up, too. It was the Dr. Miles  Almanac he got mixed up. Used to read ever word in that almanac out loud letters from folks that couldnt sleep or had lame backs. An later hed give them people for a lesson, an hed say, Thats a parble from Scrip- ture. Your Pa an Uncle John troubled im some about it when theyd laugh. She piled wrung clothes like cord wood on the table. They say its two thousan miles where were goin. How far ya think that is, Tom? I seen it on a map, big mountains like on a post card, an were goin right through em. How long ya spose itll take to go that far, Tommy? I dunno, he said. Two weeks, maybe ten days if we got luck. Look, Ma, stop your worry in. Im a-gonna tell you somepin about bein in the pen. You cant go thinkin when youre gonna be out. Youd go nuts. You got to think about that day, an then the nex day, about the ball game Satdy. 124 The Grapes of Wrath Thats what you got to do. OF timers does that. A new yo ung fella gets buttin his head on the cell door. Hes thinkin how long its gonna be. Whynt you do that? Jus take ever day. Thats a good way, she said, and she filled up her bucket with hot water from the stove, and she put in dirty clothes and began punching them down into the soapy water. Yes, thats a good way. But I like to think how nice its gonna be, maybe, in California. Never cold. An fruit everplace, an people just bein in the nicest places, little white houses in among the orange trees. I wonder that is, if we all get jobs an all work  maybe we can get one of them little white houses. An the little fellas go out an pick oranges right off the tree. They aint gonna be able to stand it, theyll get to yellin so. Tom watched her working, and his eyes smiled. It done you good jus thinkin about it. I knowed a fella from Cali- fornia. He didnt talk like us. Youd of knowed he come from some far-off place jus the way he talked. But he says theys too many folks lookin for work right there now. An he says the folks that pick the fruit live in dirty ol camps an dont hardly get enough to eat. He says wages is low an hard to get any. A shadow crossed her face. Oh, that aint so, she said. Your father got a hanbill on yella paper, tellin how they need folks to work. They wouldn go to that trouble if they wasnt plenty work. Costs em good money to get them han- bills out. Whatd they want ta lie for, an costin em money to lie? Tom shook his head. I don know, Ma. Its kinda hard to think why they done it. Maybe He looked out at the hot sun, shining on the red earth. I2 S The Grapes of Wrath Maybe what ? 59 Maybe its nice, like you says. Whered Grampa go? Whered the preacher go? Ma was going out of the house, her arms loaded high with the clothes. Tom moved aside to let her pass. Preacher says he 9 s gonna walk aroun. Grampas asleep here in the house, He comes in here in the day an 9 lays down sometimes. She walked to the line and began to drape pale blue jeans and blue shirts and long gray underwear over the wire. Behind him Tom heard a shuffling step, and he turned to look in. Grampa was emerging from the bedroom, and as in the morning, he fumbled with the buttons of his fly. I heerd talkin, he said. Sons-a-bitches wont let a ol fella sleep. When you bastards get dry behin the ears, youll maybe learn to let a oF fella sleep  His furious fingers man- aged to flip open the only two buttons on his fly that had been buttoned. And his hand forgot what it had been trying to do. His hand reached in and contentedly scratched under the testicles. Ma came in with w r et hands, and her palms puckered and bloated from hot water and soap. Thought you was sleepin. Here, let me button you up. And though he struggled, she held him and buttoned his underwear and his shirt and his fly. You go aroun a sight, she said, 'and let him go. And he spluttered angrily, Fellas come to a nice to a nice when somebody buttons em. I want ta be let be to button my own pants. Ma said playfully, They dont let people run aroun with their clothes unbutton in California. They dont, hey! Well, Ill show em. They think theyre gonna show me how to act out there? Why, Ill go aroun 1 . a-hangin out if I wanta! 126 The Grapes of Wrath Ma said, Seems like his language gets worse ever year. Showin off, I guess. The old man thrust out his bristly chin, and he regarded Ma with his shrewd, mean, merry eyes. Well, sir, he said, well be a-startin fore long now. An, by God, theys grapes out there, just a-hangin over inta the road. Know what Im a-gonna do? Im gonna pick me a wash tub full a grapes, an Im gonna set in em, an scrooge aroun, an let the juice run down my pants. Tom laughed. By God, if he lives to be two hundred you never will get Grampa house broke, he said. Youre all set on goin, aint you, Grampa? The old man pulled out a box and sat down heavily on it. Yes, sir, he said. An goddamn near time, too. My brother went on out there forty years ago. Never did hear nothin about him. Sneaky son-of-a-bitch, he was. Nobody loved him. Run off with a single-action Colt of mine. If I ever run across him or his kids, if he got any out in California, Ill ask em for that Colt. But if I know im, an he got any kids, he cuckood em, an somebody else is a-raisin em. I sure will be glad to get out there. Got a feelin itll make a new fella outa me. Go right to work in the fruit. Ma nodded. He means it, too, she said. Worked right up to three months ago, when he throwed his hip out the last time. Damn right, said Grampa. Tom looked outward from his seat on the doorstep. Here comes that preacher, walkin aroun from the back side a the bam. Ma said, Curiousest grace I ever heerd, that he give this momin. Wasnt hardly no grace at all. Jus talkin, but the sound of it was like a grace. The Grapes of Wrath 127 Hes a funny fella, said Tom. Talks funny all the time. Seems like hes talkin to hisself, though. He aint tryin to put nothin over. Watch the look in his eye, said Ma. He looks baptized. Got that look they call lookin through. He sure looks bap- tized. An a-walkin with his head down, a-starin at nothin on the groun. There is a man thats baptized. And she was silent, for Casy had drawn near the door. You gonna get sun-shook, walkin around like that, said Tom. Casy said, Well, yeah maybe. He appealed to them all suddenly, to Ma and Grampa and Tom. I got to get goin west. I got to go. I wonder if I kin go along with you folks. And then he stood, embarrassed by his own speech. Ma looked to Tom to speak, because he was a man, but Tom did not speak. She let him have the chance that was his right, and then she said, Why, wed be proud to have you. Course I cant say right now; Pa says all the menll talk to- night and figger when we gonna start. I guess maybe we better not say till all the men come. John an Pa an Noah an Tom an Grampa an A1 an Connie, theyre gonna figger soons they get back. But if theys room Im pretty sure well be proud to have ya. The preacher sighed. Ill go anyways, he said. Some- pins happening. I went up an I looked, an the houses is all empty, an the lan is empty, an this whole country is empty. I cant stay here no more. I got to go where the folks is goin. HI work in the fiels, an maybe Ill be happy. An you aint gonna preach? Tom asked. I aint gonna preach.  An you aint gonna baptize? Ma asked. I aint gonna baptize. Im gonna work in the fiels, in the I2 8 The Grapes of Wrath green fiels, an Im gonna be near to folks. I aint gonna try to teach em nothin. Im gonna try to learn. Gonna learn why the folks walks in the grass, gonna hear em talk, gonna hear em sing. Gonna listen to kids earin mush. Gonna hear husban an wife a-poundin the mattress in the night. Gonna eat with em an learn. His eyes were wet and shining. Gonna lay in the grass, open an honest with anybody thatll have me. Gonna cuss an swear an hear the poetry of folks talkin. All thats holy, all thats what I didn understan. All them things is the good things. Ma said, A-men. The preacher sat humbly down on the chopping block be- side the door. I wonder what they is for a fella so lonely. Tom coughed delicately. For a fella that dont preach no more- he began. Oh, Im a talker! said Casy. No gettin away from that. But I aint preachin. Preachin is tellin folks stuff. Im askin em. That aint preachin, is it? I don know, said Tom. Preachins a kinda tone a voice, an preachins a way a lookin at things. Preachins bein good to folks when they wanna kill ya for it. Las Christmus in McAlester, Salvation Army come an done us good. Three solid hours a cornet music, an we set there. They was bein nice to us. But if one of us tried to walk out, wed a-drawed solitary. Thats preachin. Doin good to a fella thats down an cant smack ya in the puss for it. No, you aint no preacher. But dont you blow no comets aroun here. Ma threw some sticks into the stove. 1 11 get you a bite now, but it aint much. Grampa brought his box outside and sat on it and leaned against the wall, and Tom and Casy leaned back against the In the late afternoon the truck came back, bumping and rattling through the dust, and there was a layer of dust in the bed, and the hood was covered with dust, and the head- lights were obscured with a red flour. The sun was setting when the truck came back, and the earth was bloody in its setting light. A1 sat bent over the wheel, proud and serious' and efficient, and Pa and Uncle John, as befitted the heads of the clan, had the honor seats beside the driver. Standing in the truck bed, holding onto the bars of the sides, rode the others, twelve-year-old Ruthie and ten-year-old Winfield grime-faced and wild, their eyes tired but excited, their fingers and the edges of their mouths black and sticky from licorice whips, whined out of their father in town. Ruthie f dressed in a real dress of pink muslin that came below her knees, was a little serious in her young-ladiness. But Winfield was still a trifle of a snot-nose, a little of a brooder back of the barn, and an inveterate collector and smoker of snipes. And whereas Ruthie felt the might, the responsibility, and the dignity of her developing breasts, Winfield was kid- wild and calfish. Beside them, clinging lightly to the bars, stood Rose of Sharon, and she balanced, swaying on the balls of her feet, and took up the road shock in her knees and hams. For Rose of Sharon was pregnant and careful. Pier hair, braided and wrapped around her head, made an ash-blond crown. Her round soft face, which had been voluptuous and inviting a few months ago, had already put on the barrier of pregnancy, the self-sufficient smile, the knowing perfection- look; and her plump body-full soft breasts and stomach, The Grapes of Wrath 129 house wall. And, the shadow of the afternoon moved out from the house. 130 The Grapes of Wrath hard hips and buttocks that had swung so freely and provoc- atively as to invite slapping and stroking her whole body had become demure and serious. Her whole thought and action were directed inward on the baby. She balanced on her toes now, for the babys sake. And the world was preg- nant to her; she thought only in terms of reproduction and of motherhood. Connie, her nineteen-year-old husband, who had married a plump, passionate hoyden, was still frightened and bewildered at the change in her; for there were no more cat fights in bed, biting and scratching with muffled giggles and final tears. There was a balanced, careful, wise creature who smiled shyly but very firmly at him. Connie was proud and fearful of Rose of Sharon. Whenever he could, he put a hand on her or stood close, so that his body touched her at hip and shoulder, and he felt that this kept a relation that might be departing. He was a sharp-faced, lean young man of a Texas strain, and his pale blue eyes were sometimes dan- gerous and sometimes kindly, and sometimes frightened. He was a good hard worker and would make a good husband. He drank enough, but not too much; fought when it was re- quired of him; and never boasted. He sat quietly in a gather- ing and yet managed to be there and to be recognized. Had he not been fifty years old, and so one of the natural rulers of the family. Uncle John would have preferred not to sit in the honor place beside the driver. He would have liked Rose of Sharon to sit there. This was impossible, be- cause she was young and a woman. But Uncle John sat un- easily, his lonely haunted eyes were not at ease, and his thin strong body was not relaxed. Nearly all the time the barrier of loneliness cut Uncle John off from people and from appe- tites. He ate little, drank nothing, and was celibate. But underneath, his appetites swelled into pressures until they The Grapes of Wrath 1 3 1 broke through. Then he would eat of some craved food until he was sick; or he would drink jake or whisky until he was a shaken paralytic with red wet eyes; or he would raven with lust for some whore in Sallisaw. It was told of him that once he went clear to Shawnee and hired three whores in one bed, and snorted and rutted on their unresponsive bodies for an hour. But when one of his appetites was sated, he was sad and ashamed and lonely again. He hid from people, and by gifts tried to make up to all people for himself. Then he crept into houses and left gum under pillows for children; then he cut wood and took no pay. Then he gave away any possession he might have a saddle, a horse, a new pair of shoes. One could not talk to him then, for he ran away, or if confronted hid within himself and peeked out of frightened eyes. The death of his wife, followed by months of being alone, had marked him with guilt and shame and had left an unbreaking loneliness on him. But there were things he could not escape. Being one ol the heads of the family, he had to govern; and now he had to sit on the honor seat beside the driver. The three men on the seat were glum as they drove toward home over the dusty road. Al, bending over the wheel, kept shifting eyes from the road to the instrument panel, watching the ammeter needle, which jerked sus- piciously, watching the oil gauge and the heat indicator. And his mind was cataloguing weak points and suspicious things about the car. He listened to the whine, which might be the rear end, dry; and he listened to tappets lifting and falling. He kept his hand on the gear lever, feeling the turn- ing gears through it. And he had let the clutch out against the brake to test for slipping clutch plates. He might be a m illing goat sometimes, but this was his responsibility, this 132 The Grapes of Wrath truck, its running, and its maintenance If something went wrong it would be his fault, and while no one would say it, everyone, and A 1 most of all, would know it was his fault. And so he felt it, watched it, and listened to it. And his face was serious and responsible. And everyone respected him and his responsibility. Even Pa, who was the leader, would hold a wrench and take orders from Al They were all tired on the truck. Ruthie and Winfield were tired from seeing too much movement, too many faces, from fighting to get licorice whips; tired from the excite- ment of having Uncle John secretly slip gum into their And the men in the seat were tired and angry and sad, for they had got eighteen dollars for every movable thing from the farm the horses, the wagon, the implements, and all the furniture from the house. Eighteen dollars. They had as- sailed the buyer, argued; but they were routed when his interest seemed to flag and he had told them he didnt want the stuff at any price. Then they were beaten, believed him, and took two dollars less than he had first offered. And now they were weary and frightened because they had gone against a system they did not understand and it had beaten them. They knew the team and the wagon were worth much more. They knew the buyer man would get much more, but they didnt know how to do it. Merchandising was a secret to them. Al, his eyes darting from road to panel board, said, That fella, he aint a local fella. Didn talk like a local fella. Clothes was different, too. And Pa explained, When I was in the hardware store I talked to some men I know. They say theres fellas cornin' in jus to buy up the stuff us fellas got to sell when we get The Grapes of Wrath 133 out. They say these new fellas is cleaning up. But there aint nothin we can do about it. Maybe Tommy should of went- Maybe he could of did better. John said, But the fella wasnt gonna take it at all. We couldn haul it back. These men I know told about that, said Pa. Said the buyer fellas always done that. Scairt folks that way. We jus don know how to go about stuff like that. Mas gonna be dis- appointed. Shell be mad an disappointed. A1 said, When ya think were gonna go, Pa? I dunno. Well talk her over tonight an decide. Im sure glad Toms back. That makes me feel good. Toms a good boy. A1 said, Pa, some fellas was talkin about Tom, an they says hes parole. An they says that means he cant go outside the State, or if he goes, an they catch him, they send im back for three years. Pa looked startled. They said that? Seem like fellas that knowed? Not jus blowin off? I don know, said Al. They was just a-talkin there, an I didn let on hes my brother. I jus stood an took it in. Pa said, Jesus Christ, I hope that aint true! We need Tom. Ill ask im about that. We got trouble enough without they chase the hell out of us. I hope it aint true. We got to talk that out in the open. Uncle John said, Tom, hell know. They fell silent while the truck battered along. The en- gine was noisy, full of little clashings, and the brake rods banged. There was a wooden creaking from the wheels, and a thin jet of steam escaped through a hole in the top of the radiator cap. The truck pulled a high whirling column of red dust behind it. They rumbled up the last little rise while 134 The Grapes of Wrath the sun was still half-face above the horizon, and they bore down on the house as it disappeared. The brakes squealed when they stopped, and the sound printed in AFs head no lining left. Ruthie and Winfield climbed yelling over the side walls and dropped to the ground. They shouted, Where is he? Wheres Tom? And then they saw him standing beside the door, and they stopped, embarrassed, and walked slowly toward him and looked shyly at him. And when he said, Hello, how you kids doin? they re- plied softly, Hello! All right. And they stood apart and watched him secretly, the great brother who had killed a man and been in prison. They remembered how they had played prison in the chicken coop and fought for the right to be prisoner. Connie Rivers lifted the high tail-gate out of the truck and got down and helped Rose of Sharon to the ground; and she accepted it nobly, smiling her wise, self-satisfied smile, mouth tipped at the comers a little fatuously. Tom said, Why, its Rosasharn. I didn know you was cornin with them. We was walkin, she said. The track come by an picked us up. And then she said, This is Connie, my hus- band. And she was grand, saying it. The two shook hands, sizing each other up, looking deeply into each other; and in a moment each was satisfied, and Tom said, Well, I see you been busy. She looked down. You do not see, not yet. Ma tol me. Whens it gonna be? Oh, not for a long time! Not till nex winter.  Tom laughed. Gonna get im bore in a orange ranch. The Grapes of Wrath 135 huh? In one a them white houses with orange trees all aroun. Rose of Sharon felt her stomach with both her hands. a You do not see she said, and she smiled her complacent smile and went into the house. The evening was hot, and the thrust of light still flowed up from the western horizon. And without any signal the family gathered by the track, and the congress, the family government, went into session. The film of evening light made the red earth lucent, so that its dimensions were deepened, so that a stone, a post, a building had greater depth and more solidity than in the day- time light; and these objects were curiously more individual a post was more essentially a post, set off from the earth it stood in and the field of corn it stood out against. And plants were individuals, not the mass of crop; and . the ragged wil- low tree was itself, standing free of all other willow trees. The earth contributed a light to the evening. The front of the gray, paintless house, facing the west, was luminous as the moon is. The gray dusty truck, in the yard before the door, stood out magically in this light, in the overdrawn per- spective of a stereopticon. The people too were changed in the evening, quieted. They seemed to be a part of an organization of the uncon- scious. They obeyed impulses which- registered only faintly in their thinking minds. Their eyes were inward and quiet, and their eyes, too, were lucent in the evening, lucent in dusty faces. The family met at the most important place, near the truck. The house was dead, and the fields were dead; but this truck was' the active thing, the living principle. The ancient Hudson, with bent and scarred radiator screen, with i6 The Grapes of Wrath grease in dusty globules at the worn edges of every moving part, with hub caps gone and caps of red dust in their places this was the new hearth, the living center of the family; half passenger car and half track, high-sided and clumsy. Pa walked around the truck, looking at it, and then he squatted down in the dust and found a stick to draw with. One foot was flat to the ground, the other rested on the ball and slightly back, so that one knee was higher than the other. Left forearm rested on the lower, left, knee; the right elbow on the right knee, and the right fist cupped for the chin. Pa squatted there, looking at the truck, his chin in his cupped fist. And Uncle John moved toward him and squatted down beside him. Their eyes were brooding. Grampa came out of the house and saw the two squatting together, and he jerked over and sat on the running board of the track, facing them. That was the nucleus. Tom and Connie and Noah strolled in and squatted, and the line was a half-circle with Grampa in the opening. And then Ma came out of the house, and Granma with her, and Rose of Sharon behind, walking daintily. They took their places behind the squatting men; they stood up and put their hands on their hips. And the children, Ruthie and Winfield, hopped from foot to foot be- side the women; the children squidged their toes in the red dust, but they made no sound. Only the preacher was not tke. He, out of delicacy, was sitting on the ground behind the house. He was a good preacher and knew his people. The evening light grew softer, and for a while the family sat and stood silently. Then Pa, speaking to no one, but te the group, made his report. Got skinned on the stuff we sold. The fella knowed we couldn't wait. Got eighteen dol- lars only. m The Grapes of Wrath Ma stirred restively, but she held her peace. Noah, the oldest son, asked, How much, all added up, we got 5  Pa drew figures in the dust and mumbled to himself for a moment. Hundred fifty-four, he said. But A1 here says we gonna need better tires. Says these here wont last. This was AFs first participation in the conference. Always he had stood behind with the women before. And now he made his report solemnly. Shes old an shes ornery, he said gravely. 1 gave the whole thing a good goin-over fore we bought her. Didn listen to the fella talkin what a hell of a bargain she was. Stuck my finger in the differential and they -wasnt no sawdust. Opened the gear box an they wasnt no sawdust. Test her clutch an rolled her wheels for line. Went under her an her frame aint splayed none. She neve been rolled. Seen they was a cracked cell in her battery an ' made the fella put in a good one. The tires aint worth a damn, but theyre a good size. Easy to get. Shell ride like a bull calf, but she aint shootin no oil. Reason I says buy her is she was a poplar car. Wreckin yards is full a Hudson Super- Sixes, an you can buy parts cheap. Could a got a bigger, fancier car for the same money, but parts too hard to get, an too dear. Thats how I figgered her anyways. The last was his submission to the family. He stopped speaking and waited for their opinions. Grampa was still the titular head, but he no longer ruled. His position was honorary and a matter of custom. But he did have the right of first comment, no matter how silly his old mind might be. And the squatting men and the standing women waited for him. Youre all right, A1 Grampa said. I was a squirt jus like you, a-fartin aroun like a dog-wolf 138 The Grapes of Wrath But when they was a job, I done it. Youve growed up good. He finished in the tone of a benediction, and A1 red- dened a little with pleasure. Pa said, Sounds right-side-up to me. If it was horses we wouldn have to put the blame on Al. But AFs the ony auto- mobile fella here. Tom said, I know some. Worked some in McAlester. Als right. He done good. And now Al was rosy with the com- pliment. Tom went on, Id like to say-well, that preacher   -he wants to go along. He was silent. His words lay in the  i, group, and the group was silent. Hes a nice fella, Tom added. Weve knowed him a long time. Talks a little wild sometimes, but he talks sensible. And he relinquished the proposal to the family. The light was going gradually. Ma left the group and went into the house, and the iron clang of the stove came from the house. In a moment she walked back to the brood- ing council. Grampa said, They was two ways a thinkin. Some folks use ta figger that a preacher was poison luck. Tom said, This fella says he aint a preacher no more. Grampa waved his hand back and forth. Once a fellas a preacher, hes always a preacher. Thats somepin you cant get shut of. They was some folks figgered it was a good re- spectable thing to have a preacher along. Ef somebody died, preacher buried em. Weddin come due, or overdue, an theres your preacher. Baby come, an you got a christener right under the roof. Me, I always said they was preachers an preachers. Got to pick em. I kinda like this fella. He aint Stiff. Pa dug his stick into the dust and rolled it between his fingers so that it bored a little hole. Theys more to this than The Grapes of Wrath 139 is he lucky, or is he a nice fella, Pa said. We got to figger close. Its a sad thing to figger close. Les see, now. Theres Grampa an Granma thats two. An me an John an Ma thats five. An Noah an Tommy an Al thats eight; Rosa- sharn an Connie is ten, an Ruthie an Winfiel is twelve. We, got to take the dogs cause whatll we do else? Cant shoot a good dog, an there aint nobody to give em to. An thats fourteen. Not countin what chickens is left, an two pigs, said Noah. Pa said, I aim to get those pigs salted down to eat on the way. We gonna need meat. Carry the salt kegs right with us. But Im wonderin if we can all ride, an the preacher too. An kin we feed a extra mouth? Without turning his head he asked, Kin we, Ma? Ma cleared her throat. It aint kin we? Its will we? she said firmly. As far as kin, we cant do nothin, not go to California or nothin; but as far as will, why, well do what we will. An as far as will-its a long time our folks been here and east before, an I never heerd tell of no Joads or no Hazletts, neither, ever refusin food an shelter or a lift on this road to anybody that asked. Theys been mean Joads, but never that mean. Pa broke in, But spose there just aint room? He had twisted his neck to look up at her, and he was ashamed. Her tone had made him ashamed. Spose we jus cant all get in the truck? There aint room now, she said. There aint room for moren six, an twelve is goin sure. One more aint gonna hurt; an a man, strong an healthy, aint never no burdea An any time when we got two pigs an over a hundred dol- lars, an we wonderin if we kin feed a fella She stopped.  140 The Grapes of Wrath and Pa turned back, and Ms spirit was raw from the whip ping. Granma said, A preacher is a nice thing to be with us. He give a nice grace this morning. Pa looked at the face of each one for dissent, and then he said, Want to call im over, Tommy? If hes goin, he ought ta be here. Tom got up from his hams and went toward the house, calling, Casy oh, Casy! A muffled voice replied from behind the house. Tom walked to the corner and saw the preacher sitting back against the wall, looking at the fiasliing evening star in the Sight sky. Calling me? Casy asked. Yeah. We think long as youre goin with us, you ought to be over with us, helpin to figger things out. Casy got to his feet. He knew the government of families, and he knew he had been taken into the family. Indeed his position was eminent, for Uncle John moved sideways, leav- ing space between Pa and himself for the preacher. Casy squatted down like the others, facing Grampa enthroned on the running board. Ma went to the house again. There was a screech of a lantern hood and the yellow light flashed up in the dark kitchen. When she lifted the lid of the big pot, the smell of boiling side-meat and beet greens came out the door. They  waited for her to come back across the darkening yard, for Ma was powerful in the group. Pa said, We got to figger when to start. Sooner the better. What we got to do fore we go is get them pigs slaughtered an in salt, an pack our stuff an go. Quicker the better, now.  TT'vT;' The Grapes of Wrath 141 Noah agreed, If we pitch in, we kin get ready tomorrow, an we kin go bright the nex day. Uncle John objected, Cant chill no meat in the heat a die day. Wrong time a year for slaughterin. Meatll be sof if it don chill. Well, les do her tonight. Shell chill tonight some. Much as shes gonna. After we eat, les get her done. Got salt? Ma said, Yes, Got plenty salt. Got two nice kegs, too. Well, les get her done, then, said Tom. Grampa began to scrabble about, trying to get a purchase to arise. Gettin dark, he said. Im gettin hungry. Come time we get to California Ill have a big bunch a grapes in my han all the time, a-nibblin off it all the time, by God!" He got up, and the men arose. Ruthie and Winfield hopped excitedly about in the dust, like crazy things. Ruthie whispered hoarsely to Winfield, Killin pigs and goin to California. Killin pigs and goin- all the same time. And Winfield was reduced to madness. He stuck his finger against his throat, made a horrible face, and wobbled about, weakly shrilling, Im a ol pig. Look! Im a of pig. Look at the blood, Ruthie! And he staggered and sank to the ground, and waved arms and legs weakly. But Ruthie was older, and she knew the tremendousness of the time.  And goin to California, she said again. And she knew this was the great time in her life so far. The adults moved toward the lighted kitchen through the deep dusk, and Ma served them greens and side-meat in tin plates. But before Ma ate, she put the big round wash tub on the stove and started the fire to roaring. She carried buckets of water until the tub was full, and then around the tub she 4 2 The Grapes of Wrath clustered the buckets, full of water. The kitchen became a swamp of heat, and the family ate hurriedly, and went out to sit on the doorstep until the water should get hot. They sat looking out at the dark, at the square of light the kitchen lantern threw on the ground outside the door, with a hunched shadow of Grampa in the middle of it. Noah picked his teeth thoroughly with a broom straw. Ma and Rose of Sharon washed up the dishes and piled them on the table. And then, ail of a sudden, the family began to function. Pa got up and lighted another lantern. Noah, from a box in the kitchen, brought out the bow-bladed butchering knife and whetted it on a worn little carborundum stone. And he laid the scraper on the chopping block, and the knife beside it. Pa brought two sturdy sticks, each three feet long, and pointed the ends with the ax, and he tied strong ropes, double half-hitched, to the middle of the sticks. He grumbled, Shouldnt of sold those singletrees-all of em. The water in the pots steamed and rolled. Noah asked, Gonna take the water down there or bring the pigs up here? Pigs up here, said Pa. You cant spill a pig and scald yourself like you can hot water. Water about ready? Jus about, said Ma. Aw right. Noah, you an Tom an A1 come along. Ill carry the light. Well slaughter down there an bring em up here. Noah took his knife, and A1 the ax, and the four men moved down on the sty, their legs flickering in the lantern light. Ruthie and Winfield skittered along, hopping over the ground. At the sty Pa leaned over the fence, holding the lan- tern. The sleepy young pigs straggled to their feet, grunting The Grapes of Wrath 143 suspiciously. Uncle John, and the preacher walked down to help. . All right, said Pa. Stick em, an well run em up and bleed an, scald at the house. Noah and Tom stepped o vet the fence. They slaughtered quickly. and efficiently. Tom struck twice with the blunt head of the ax; and Noah, leaning over the felled pigs, found the great artery with his curving knife and released the pulsing streams of blood. Then over the fence with the squealing pigs. The preacher and Uncle John dragged one by the hind legs, and Tom and Noah the Other. Pa walked along with the lantern, and the black blood made two trails in the dust. At the house, Noah slipped his knife between tendon and bone of the hind legs; the pointed sticks held the legs apart, and the carcasses were hung from the two-by-four rafters that stuck out from the house. Then the men carried the boiling water and poured it over the black bodies. Noah slit the bodies from end to end and dropped the entrails out on the ground. Pa sharpened two more sticks to hold the bodies open to the air, while Tom with the scrubber and Ma with a dull knife scraped the skins to take out the bristles. A1 brought a bucket and shoveled the entrails into it, and dumped them on the ground away from the house, and two cats followed him, mewing loudly, and the dogs followed him, growling lightly at the cats. Pa sat on the doorstep and looked at the pigs hanging in the lantern light. The scraping was done now, and only a few drops of blood continued to fall from the carcasses into the black pool on the ground. Pa got up and went to the pigs and felt them with his hand, and then he sat down again, Granma and Grampa went toward the bam to sleep, and Grampa carried a candle lantern in his hand. The rest of the. 144 The Grapes of Wrath family sat quietly about the doorstep, Connie and A1 and Tom on the ground, leaning their backs against the house wall, Uncle John on a box, Pa in the doorway. Only Ma and Rose of Sharon continued to move about. Ruthie and Win- field were sleepy now, but fighting it off. They quarreled sleepily out in the darkness. Noah and the preacher squatted side by side, facing the house. Pa scratched himself nerv- ously, and took off his hat and ran his fingers through his hair. Tomorra well get that pork salted early in the morn- ing, an then well get the truck loaded, all but the beds, an nex morning off well go. Hardly is a days work in all that, he said uneasily. Tom broke in, Well be moonin aroun all day, lookin for somepin to do. The group stirred uneasily. We could get ready by daylight an go, Tom suggested. Pa rubbed his knee with his hand. And the restiveness spread to all of them. Noah said, Probly wouldn hurt that meat to git her tight down in salt. Cut her up, shed cool quicker anyways. It was Uncle John who broke over the edge, his pressures too great. What we hangin aroun for? I want to get shut of this. Now were goin, why dont we go? And the revulsion spread to the rest. Whynt we go? Get sleep on the way. And a sense of hurry crept into them. Pa said, They say its two thousan miles. Thats a hell of a long ways. We oughta go. Noah, you an me can get that meat cut up an we can put all the stuff in the truck. Ma put her head out of the door. How about if we forgit somepin, not seein it in the dark? We could look round after daylight, said Noah. They sat still then, thinking about it. But in a moment Noah got up and began to sharpen the bow-bladed knife on his little worn stone. Ma, he said, git that table cleared. And he The Grapes of Wrath 145 jtepped to a pig, cut a line down one side of the backbone and began peeling the meat forward, off the ribs. Pa stood up excitedly. We got to get the stuff together  9 he said. Come on, you fellas. Now that they were committed to going, the hurry in- fected all of them. Noah carried the slabs of meat into the kitchen and cut it into small salting blocks, and Ma patted the coarse salt in, laid it piece by piece in the kegs, careful that no two pieces touched each other. She laid the slabs like bricks, and pounded salt in the spaces. And Noah cut up the side-meat and he cut up the legs. Ma kept her fire going, and as Noah cleaned the ribs and the spines and leg bones of all the meat he could, she put them in the oven to roast for gnawing purposes. In the yard and in the barn the circles of lantern light moved about, and the men brought together all the things to be taken, and piled them by the truck. Rose of Sharon brought out all the clothes the family possessed the over- alls, the thick-soled shoes, the rubber boots, the worn best suits, the sweaters and sheepskin coats. And she packed these tightly into a wooden box and got into the box and tramped them down. And then she brought out the print dresses and shawls, the black cotton stockings and the childrens clothes small overalls and cheap print dresses and she put these in the box, and tramped them down. Tom went to the tool shed and brought what tools were left to go, a hand saw and a set of wrenches, a hammer and a box of assorted nails, a pair of pliers and a flat file and a set of rat-tail files. And Rose of Sharon brought out the big piece of tar- paulin and spread it on the ground behind the truck. She struggled through the door with the mattresses, three double 146 The Grapes of Wrath ones and a single. She piled them on the tarpaulin and brought arm-loads of folded ragged blankets and piled them up. Ma and Noah worked busily at the carcasses, and the smell of roasting pork bones came from the stove. The children had fallen by the way in the late night. Winfield lay curled up in the dust outside the door; and Ruthie, sitting on a box in the kitchen where she had gone to watch the butchering, had dropped her head back against the wall. She breathed easily in her sleep, and her lips were parted over her teeth. Tom finished with the tools and came into the kitchen with his lantern, and the preacher followed him. a God in a buckboard, Tom said, smell that meat! An listen to her crackle. Ma laid the bricks of meat in a keg and poured salt around and over them and covered the layer with salt and patted it down. She looked up at Tom and smiled a little at him, but her eyes were serious and tired. Be nice to have pork bones for breakfas, she said. The preacher stepped beside her. Leave me salt down this meat, he said. I can do it. Theres other stuff for you to do. She stopped her work then and inspected him oddly, as though he suggested a curious thing. And her hands were crusted with salt, pink with fluid from the fresh pork. Its womens work, she said finally. Its all work, the preacher replied. Theys too much of it to split it up to mens or womens work. You got stuff to do. Leave me salt the meat. Still for a moment she stared at him, and then she poured water from a bucket into the tin wash basin and she washed The Grapes of Wrath 147 her hands. The preacher took up the blocks of pork and patted on the salt while she watched him. And he laid them in the kegs as she had. Only when he had finished a layer and covered it carefully and patted down the salt was she satis- fied. She dried her bleached and bloated hands. Tom said, Ma, what stuff we gonna take from here? She looked quickly about the kitchen. The bucket, she said. Ail the stuff to eat with plates an the cups, the spoons an knives an forks. Put all them in that drawer, an take the drawer. The big fry pan an the big stew kettle, the coffee pot. When it gets cool, take the rack outa the oven. Thats good over a fire. Id like to take the wash tub, but I guess there aint room. Ill wash clothes in the bucket. Dont do no good to take little stuff. You can cook little stuff in a big kettle, but you cant cook big stuff in a little pot. Take the bread pans, all of em. They fit down inside each other. She stood and looked about the kitchen. You jus take that stuff I toP you, Tom. Ill fix up the rest, the big can a pepper an the salt an the nutmeg an the grater. Ill take all that stuff jus at the last. She picked up a lantern and walked heavily into the bedroom, and her bare feet made no sound on the floor. The preacher said, She looks tard. Womens always tard, said Tom. Thats just the way women is, cept at meetin once an again.  Yeah, but tardern that. Real tard, like shes sick-tard. Ma was just through the door, and she heard his words. Slowly her relaxed face tightened, and the lines disappeared from the taut muscular face. Her eyes sharpened and her shoulders straightened. She glanced about the stripped room. Nothing was left in it except trash. The mattresses which had 148 The Grapes of Wrath been on the floor were gone. The bureaus were sold. On th floor la y a broken comb, an empty talcum powder can, and a few dust mice. Ma set her lantern on the floor. She reached behind one of the boxes that had served as chairs and brought out a stationery box, old and soiled and cracked at the cor- ners. She sat down and opened the box. Inside were letters, clippings, photographs, a pair of earrings, a little gold signet ring, and a watch chain braided of hair and tipped with gold swivels. She touched the letters with her fingers, touched them lightly, and she smoothed a newspaper clipping on which there was an account of Toms trial. For a long time she held the box, looking over it, and her fingers disturbed the letters and then lined them up again. She bit her lower lip, thinking, remembering. And at last she made up her mind. She picked out the ring, the watch charm, the earrings, dug under the pile and found one gold cuff link. She took a letter from an envelope and dropped the trinkets in the en- velope. She folded the envelope over and put it in her dress pocket. Then gently and tenderly she closed the oox and smoothed the top carefully with her fingers. Her lips parted. And then she stood up, took her lantern, and went back into the kitchen. She lifted the stove lid and laid the box gently among the coals. Quickly the heat browned the paper. A flame licked up and over the box. She replaced the stove lid and instantly the fire sighed up and breathed over the box. Out in the dark yard, working in the lantern light, Pa and A1 loaded the truck. Tools on the bottom, but handy to reach in case of a breakdown. Boxes of clothes next, arid kitchen utensils in a gunny sack; cutlery and dishes in their box. Then the gallon bucket tied on behind. They made the The Grapes of Wrath 149 bottom of the load as even as possible, and filled the spaces between boxes with rolled blankets. Then over the top they laid the mattresses, filling the track in level. And last they spread the big tarpaulin over the load and A1 made holes in the edge, two feet apart, and inserted little ropes, and tied it down to the side-bars of the truck. Now, if it rains, he said, well tie it to the bar above, an the folks can get underneath, out of the wet. Up front well be dry enough. And Pa applauded. Thats a good idear That aint all, A1 said. First chance I git Fm gonna fin a long plank an make a ridge pole, an put the tarp over that. An then itll be covered in, an the folksll be outa the sun, too. And Pa agreed, Thats a good idear. Whynt you think a that before? I aint had time, said AL Aint had time? Why, Al, you had time to coyote all over the country. God knows where you been this las two weeks. Stuff a fella got to do when hes leavin the country, said AL And then he lost some of his assurance. Pa, he asked, You glad to be goin, Pa? Huh? Well sure. Leastwise-yeah. We had hard times here. Course itll be all different out there-plenty work, an 5 everthing nice an green, an little white houses an oranges growin aroun. Is it all oranges ever where? Well, maybe not everwhere, but plenty places. The first gray of daylight began in the sky. And the work was done the kegs of pork ready, the chicken coop ready to 1 50 The Grapes of Wratff go on top. Ma opened the oven and took out the pile of roasted bones, crisp and brown, with plenty of gnawing meat left. Ruthie half awakened, and slipped down from the box, and slept again. But the adults stood around the door, shivering a little and gnawing at the crisp pork. Guess we oughta wake up Granma an Grampa, Tom said. Gettin along on toward day. Ma said, Kinda hate to, till the las minute. They need the sleep. Ruthie an Winfield aint hardly got no real rest neither. Well, they kin all sleep on top a the load, said Pa. Itll be nice an comftable there. Suddenly the dogs started up from the dust and listened. And -then, with a roar, went marking off into the darkness. Now what in hell is that?  Pa demanded. In a moment they heard a voice speaking reassuringly to the barking dogs and. the barking lost its fierceness. Then footsteps, and a man ap- proached. It was Muley Graves, his hat pulled low. He came near timidly. Morning, folks, he said. Why, Muley. Pa waved the ham bone he held. Step in an get some pork for yourself, Muley. Well, no, said Muley. I aint hungry, exactly. Oh, get it, Muley, get it. Here! And Pa stepped into the house and brought out a hand of spareribs. I wasnt aiming to eat none a your stuff, he said. I was jus walkin aroun, an I thought how youd be goin, an Id maybe say good-by. Goin in a little while now, said Pa. Youd a missed us if youd come an hour later. All packed up see? All packed up. Muley looked at the loaded truck Sometimes I wisht Fd go an fin my folks. Ma asked, Did you hear from em out in California? The Grapes of Wrath 151 No, said Muley,  I aint heard. But I aint been to look in the post office. I oughta go in sometimes. Pa said, Al, go down, wake up Granma, Grampa. Tell em to come an eat. Were goin before long. And as A1 saun- tered toward the bam, Muley, ya wanta squeeze in with us an go? Wed try to make room for ya. Muley took a bite of meat from the edge of a rib bone and chewed it. Sometimes I think I might. But I know I wont, he said. I know perfectly well the las minute Id run ah hide like a damn oF graveyard ghos. Noah said, You gonna die out in the fieP some day, Muley. I know. I thought about that. Sometimes it seems pretty lonely, an sometimes it seems all right, an sometimes it seems good. It dont make no difference. But if ya come acrost my folks thats really what I come to say if ya come on any my folks in California, tell em Im well. Tell em Im doin all right. Dont let on Im livin this way. Tell em Ill come to em soons I git the money. Ma asked, An will ya? No, Muley said softly. No, I wont. I cant go away. 1 got to stay now. Time back I might of went. But not now. Fella gits to thinkin, an he gits to knowin. I aint never goin. The light of the dawn was a little sharper now. It paled the lanterns a little. A1 came back with Grampa struggling and limping by his side. He wasnt sleepin, A1 said. He was settin out back of the bam. Theys somepin wrong with im. Grampas eyes had dulled, and there w r as none of the old meanness in them. Aint nothin the matter with me, he I ins aint a-goin. H m 152 The Grapes of Wrath Not goin?  Pa demanded. What you mean you aint a-goin? Why, here were all packed up, ready. We got to go. We got no place to stay. I aint sayin for you to stay, said Grampa. You go right on along. Me Im stayin. I give her a goin-over all night mosly. This heres my country. I blong here. An I dont give a goddamn if theys oranges an grapes crowdin a fella outa bed even. I aint a-goin. This country aint no good, but its my country. No, you all go ahead. Ill jus stay right here where I blong. They crowded near to him. Pa said, You cant, Grampa. This here lan is goin under the tractors. Whod cook for you? Howd you live? You cant stay here. Why, with no- body to take care of you, youd starve. Grampa cried, Goddamn it, Im a oF man, but I can still take care a myself. Hows Muley here get along? I can get along as good as him. I tell ya I aint goin, an ya can lump it. Take Granma with ya if ya want, but ya aint takin me, an thats the end of it. Pa said helplessly, Now listen to me, Grampa. Jus listen to me, jus a minute. Aint a-gonna listen. I toF ya what Im a-gonna do. Tom touched his father on the shoulder. Pa, come in the house. I wanta tell ya somepin. And as they moved toward the house, he called, Ma come here a minute, will ya? In the kitchen one lantern burned and the plate of pork bones was still piled high. Tom said, Listen, I know Grampa got the right to say he aint goin, but he cant stay. We know that. Sure he cant stay, said Pa. Well, look. If we got to catch him an tie him down, we liBle to hurt him, an hell git so mad hell hurt himself. The Grapes of Wrath 1 5 3 Now' we cant argue with him If we could get him drunk itd be all right. You got any whisky? No, said Pa. There aint a drop a whisky in the house, An John got no whisky. He never has none when he aint drinkin. Ma said, Tom, I got a half a bottle soothin sirup I got for WinfieF when he had them earaches. Think that might work? Use ta put WinfieF ta sleep when his earache was bad Might, said Tom. Get it, Ma. Well give her a try anyways. I throwed it out on the trash pile, said Ma. She took the lantern and went 'out, and in a moment she came back with a bottle half full of black medicine. Tom took it from her and tasted it. Don taste bad, he said. Make up a cup a black coffee, good an strong. Les see says one teaspoon. Better put in a lot, coupla table- spoons. Ma opened the stove and put a kettle inside, down next to the coals, and she measured water and coffee into it. Have to give, it to im in a can, she said. We got the cups all , packed. Tom and his father went back outside. Fella got a right to say what hes gonna do. Say, whos eatin spareribs? said Grampa. j Weve et, said Tom. Mas fixin you a cup a coffee an some pork. He went Into the house, and he drank his coffee and ate his pork. The group outside in the growing dawn watched him quietly, through the door. They saw him yawn and sway, and they saw him put his arms on the table and rest his head on his arms and go to sleep.  54 The Grapes of Wrath He was taxd anyways, said Tom. Leave him be. Now they were ready. Granma, giddy and vague,, saying, Whats all this? What you doin now, so early? But she was dressed and agreeable. And Ruthie and Winfield were awake, but quiet with the pressure of tiredness and still half dreaming. The light was sifting rapidly over the land. And the movement of the family stopped. They stood about, re- luctant to make the first active move to go. They were afraid, now that the time had come afraid in the same way Grampa was afraid. They saw the shed take shape against the light, and they saw the lanterns pale until they no longer cast their circles of yellow light. The stars went out, few by few, toward the west. And still the family stood about like dream walkers, their eyes focused panoramically, seeing no detail, but the whole dawn, the whole land, the whole texture of die country at once. Only Muley Graves prowled about restlessly, looking through the bars into the truck, thumping the spare tires hung on the back of the truck. And at last Muley approached Tom. You goin over the State line? he asked. You gonna break your parole? And Tom shook himself free of the numbness. Jesus Christ, its near sunrise, he said loudly. We got to get goin. And the others came out of their numbness and moved toward the truck. Come on, Tom said. Les get Grampa on. Pa and Uncle John and Tom and A1 went into the kitchen where Grampa slept, his forehead down on his arms, and a line of drying coffee on the table. They took him under the elbows and lifted him to his feet, and he grumbled and cursed thickly, like a drunken man. Out the door they boosted him, tnd when they came to the truck Tom and A1 climbed up, The Grapes of Wrath 1 5 5 and, leaning over, hooked their hands under his arms and lifted him gently up, and laid him on top of the load. A1 un- tied the tarpaulin, and they rolled him under and put a box under the tarp beside him, so that the weight of the heavy canvas would not be upon him. I got to get that ridge pole fixed, A1 said. Do her to- nighwwhen we stop. Grampa grunted and fought weakly against awakening, and when he was finally settled he went deeply to sleep again. Pa said, Ma, you an Granma set in with A1 for a while. Well change aroun so its easier, but you start out that way. They got into the cab, and then the rest swarmed up on top of the load, Connie and Rose of Sharon, Pa and Uncle John, Ruthie and Winfield, Tom and the preacher. Noah stood on the ground, looking up at the great load of them sitting on top of the truck. A1 walked around, looking underneath at the springs. Holy Jesus, he said, them springs is flat as hell. Lucky I blocked under em. Noah said, How about the dogs. Pa? I forgot the dogs, Pa said. He whistled shrilly, and one bouncing dog ran in, but only one. Noah caught him and threw him up on the top, where he sat rigid and shivering at the height. Got to leave the other two, Pa called. Muley, will you look after em some? See they dont starve? Yeah, said Muley. Ill like to have a couple dogs. Yeah! ill take em. Take them chickens, too, Pa said. Ai got into the drivers seat. The starter whirred and caught, and whirred again. And then the loose roar of the six cylinders and a blue smoke behind. So long, Muley,  A! called. 1 56 The Grapes of Wrath And the family called, Good-by, Muley. A1 slipped in the low gear and let in the clutch. The track shuddered and strained across the yard. And the second gear took hold. They crawled up the little hill, and the red dust arose about them. Chr-ist, what a load! said AL We aint makin no time on this trip. Ma tried to look back, but the body of the load cut off her view. She straightened her head and peered straight ahead along the dirt road. And a great weariness was in her eyes. The people on top of the load did look back. They saw the house and the bam and a little smoke still rising from the chimney. They saw the windows reddening under the first color of the sun. They saw Muley standing forlornly in the dooryard looking after them. And then the hill cut them off. The cotton fields lined the road. And the truck crawled slowly through the dust toward the highway and the west. Chapter Eleven T HE houses were left vacant on the land, and the land was vacant because of this. Only the tractor sheds of corrugated iron, silver and gleaming, were alive; and they were alive with metal and gasoline and oil, the disks of the plows shining. The tractors had lights shining, for there is no day and night for a tractorand the disks turn the earth in the darkness and they glitter in the daylight. And when a horse stops work and goes into the bam there is a life and a vitality left, there is a breathing and a warmth, and the feet shift on the straw, and the jaws champ on the hay and the ears and the eyes are alive. There is a warmth of life in the barn, and the heat and smell of life. But when the motor of a tractor stops, it is as dead as the ore it came from. The heat goes out of it like the living heat that leaves a corpse. Then the corrugated iron doors are closed and the tractor man drives home to town, perhaps twenty miles away, and he need not come back for weeks or months, fot the tractor is dead. And this is easy and efficient. So easy that the wonder goes out of work, so efficient that the wonder goes out of land and the working of it, and with the wonder the deep understanding and the relation. And in the tractor man there grows the contempt that comes only to a stranger who has little understanding and no relation. For nitrates are not the land, nor phosphates; and the length of fiber in the 57 ijB The Grapes of Wrath cotton Is not the land. Carbon is not a man, nor salt nor water nor calcium. He is all these, but he is much more, much more; and the land is so much more than its analysis. The man who is more than his chemistry, walking on the earth, turning his plow point for a stone, dropping his handles to slide over an outcropping, kneeling in the earth to eat his lunch; that man who is more than his elements knows the land that is more than its analysis. But the machine man, driving a dead tractor on land he does not know and love, understands only chemis- try; and he is contemptuous of the land and of himself. When the corrugated iron doors are shut, he goes home, and his home is not the land. The doors of the empty houses swung open, and drifted back and forth in the wind. Bands of little boys came out from the towns to break the windows and to pick over the debris, looking for treasures. And heres a knife with half the blade gone. Thats a good thing. And smells like a rat died here. And look what Whitey wrote on the wall. He wrote that in the toilet in school, too, an teacher made im wash it off. When the folks first left, and the evening of the first day came, the hunting cats slouched in from the fields and mewed on the porch. And when no one came out, the cats crept through the open doors and walked mewing through the empty rooms. And then they went back to the fields and were wild cats from then on, hunting gophers and field mice, and sleeping in ditches in the daytime. When the night came, the bats, which had stopped at the doors for fear of light, swooped into the houses and sailed about through the empty rooms, and in a little while they stayed in dark room corners during the day, folded their wings high, and hung head- The Grapes of Wrath 159 - down among the rafters, and the smell of their droppings was. in the empty houses. And the mice moved in and stored weed seeds in cor- ners, in boxes, in the backs of drawers in the kitchens. And weasels came in to hunt the mice, and the brown owls flew shrieking in and out again. Now there came a little shower. The weeds sprang up in- front of the doorstep, where they had not been allowed, and grass grew up through the porch boards. The houses were' vacant, and a vacant house falls quickly apart. Splits started up the sheathing from the rusted nails. A dust settled on the floors, and only mouse and weasel and cat tracks disturbed it On a night the wind loosened a shingle and flipped it to the ground. The next wind pried into the hole where the shingle had been, lifted off three, and the next, a dozen. The midday sun burned through the hole and threw a glaring spot on the floor. The wild cats crept in from the fields a t night, but they did not mew at the doorstep any more. They moved like shadows of a cloud across the moon, into the, rooms to hunt the mice. And on- windy nights the doors, banged, and the ragged curtains fluttered in the broken win  dows. 1 TIGHWAY 66 is the main migrant road, 66 -the long 1 concrete path across the country, waving gently up JL and down on the map, from the Mississippi to Bakersfield over the red lands and the gray lands, twisting up into the mountains, crossing the Divide and down into the bright and terrible desert, and across the desert to the moun- tains again, and into the rich California valleys, 66 is the path of a people in flight, refugees from dust and shrinking land, from the thunder, of tractors and shrinking ownership, from the deserts slow northward invasion, from the twisting winds that howl up out of Texas, from the floods that bring no richness to the land and steal what little- richness is there. From all of these the people are in flight, and they come into 66 from the tributary side roads, from the wagon tracks and the rutted country roads. 66 is the mother road, the road of flight. Clarksville and Ozark and Van Buren and Fort Smith on 64, and theres an end of Arkansas. And all the roads into Oklahoma City, 66 down from Tulsa, 270 up from McAles- ter. 81 from Wichita Falls south, from Enid north. Edmond, McLoud, Purcell. 66 out of Oklahoma City; El Reno and Clinton, going west on 66. Hydro, Elk City, and Texola; and theres an end to Oklahoma. 66 across the Panhandle of Texas. Shamrock and McLean, Conway and Amarillo, the yellow. Wildorado and Vega and Boise, and theres an end of Texas. Tucumcari and Santa Rosa and into the New Mex- The Grapes of Wrath i6r lean mountains to Albuquerque, where the road comes down from Santa Fe. Then down the gorged Rio Grande to Los Lunas and west again on 66 to Gallup, and theres the border of New Mexico. And now the high mountains. Holbrook and Winslow and Flagstaff in the high mountains of Arizona. Then the great plateau rolling like a ground swell. Ashfork and Kingman and stone mountains again, where water must be hauled and sold. Then out of the broken sun-rotted mountains of Ark- zona to the Colorado, with green reeds on its banks, and thats the end of Arizona. Theres California just over the river, and a pretty town to start it. Needles, on the river. But the river is a stranger in this place. Up from Needles and over a burned range, and theres the desert. And 66 goes on over the terrible desert, where the distance shimmers and the black center mountains hang unbearably in the distance. At last theres Barstow, and more desert until at last the mountains rise up again, the good mountains, and 66 winds through them. Then suddenly a pass, and below the beauti- ful valley, below orchards and vineyards and little houses, and in the distance a city. And, oh, my God, its over. The people in flight streamed out on 66, sometimes a sin- gle car, sometimes a little caravan. All day they rolled slowly along the road, and at night they stopped near water. In the day ancient leaky radiators sent up columns of steam, loose connecting rods hammered and pounded. And the men driv- ing the trucks and the overloaded cars listened apprehen- sively. How far between towns? It is a terror between towns. If something breaks well, if something breaks we camp right here while Jim walks to town and gets a part and walks back and how much food we got? Listen to the motor. Listen to the wheels. Listen with your 1 6z The Grapes of Wrath ears and with your hands on the steering wheel; listen wdth the palm of your hand on the gear-shift lever; listen with your feet on the floor boards. Listen to the pounding old jalopy with all your senses; for a change of tone., a variation af rhythm may mean a week here? That rattle thats tap- pets. Dont hurt a 1 bit. Tappets can rattle till Jesus comes again without no harm. But that thudding as the car moves tlong cant hear that just kind of feel it. Maybe oil isnt gettin 7 someplace. Maybe a bearings startin to go. Jesus, if its a bearing, whatll we do? Moneys goin fast. And whys the son-of-a-bitch heat up so hot today? This aint no climb. Les look. God Almighty, the fan belts gone! Here, make a belt outa this little piece a rope. Les see how long there. Ill splice the ends. Now take her slow slow, till we can get to a town. That rope belt wont last long. F we can ony get to California where the oranges grow before this here of jug blows up. F we ony can. And the tires two layers of fabric worn through. Ony jl four-ply tire. Might get a hunderd miles more outa her if we dont hit a rock an blow her. Whichll we take a hun- derd, maybe, miles, or maybe spoil the tubes? Which? A hunderd miles. Well, thats somepin you got to think about. We got tube patches. Maybe when she goes shell only spring a leak. How about makin a boot? Might get five hun- derd more miles. Les go on till she blows. We got to get a tire, but, Jesus, they want a lot for a oF tire. They look a fella over. They know he got to go on. They know he cant wait. And the price goes up. Take it or leave it. 1 aint in business for my health. Im here a-sellin tires. I aint givin em away. I cant help what happens to you. I got to think what happens to me. 163 The Grapes of Wrath  How fars the nex ? town? , 1 seen forty-two cars a you fellas go by yesterday. Whew you all come from? Where all of you goin? Well, Californias a big State, It aint that big. The whole United States aint that big, It aint that big. It aint big enough. There aint room enough for you an me, for your kind an my kind, for rich and pool together all in one country, for thieves and honest men. For hunger and fat. Whynt you go back where you come from? This is a free country. Fella can go where he wants. Thats what you think! Ever hear of the border patrol on the California line? Police from Los Angeles stopped you bastards, turned you back. Says, if you cant buy no real estate we dont want you. Says, got a drivers license? Les see it. Tore it up. Says you cant come in without no drivers license. Its a free country. Well, try to get some freedom to do. Fella says youre jus as free as you got jack to pay for it. In California they got high wages. I got a hanbill here tells about it. Baloney! I seen folks cornin back. Somebodys kiddin you. You want that tire or dont ya? Got to take it, but, Jesus, mister, it cuts into our money We aint got much left. Well, I aint no charity. Take her along. Got to, I guess. Lets look her over. Open her up, look a the casing-you son-of-a-bitch, you said the casing was good. Shes broke damn near through. The hell she is. Well-by George! How come I didn see that? k 5 4 The Grapes of Wrath You did see it, you son-of-a-bitch. You wanta charge us four bucks for a busted casing. Id like to take a sock at you,. Now keep your shirt on. I didn see it, I tell you. Here tell ya what Ill do. Ill give ya this one for three-fifty. Youll take a flying jump at the moon! Well try to make the nex town. Think we can make it on that tire? Got to. Ill go on the rim before Id give that son-of-a- bitch a dime. What do ya think a guy in business is? Like he says, he aint in it for his health. Thats what business is. What d you think it was? Fellas got- See that sign longside the toad there? Service Club. Luncheon Tuesday, Colrnado Hotel? Welcome, brother. Thats a Service Club. Fella had a story. Went to one of them meetings an told the story to all them business men. Says, when I was a kid my of man give me a haltered heifer an says take her down an git her serviced. An the fella says, I done it, an ever time since then when I hear a business man talkin about service, I wonder who s gettin screwed. Fella in business got to lie an cheat, but he calls it somepin else. Thats whats important. You go steal that tire an youre a thief, but he tried to steal your four dol- lars for a busted tire. They call that sound business. D ann y in the back seat wants a cup a water. Have to wait. Got no water here. Listen that the rear end? Cant tell Sound telegraphs through the frame. There goes a gasket. Got to go on. Listen to her whistle. Find a nice place to camp an Ill jerk the head off. But, God Almighty, the foods getrtin low, the moneys gettin low. When we cant buy no more gas what then? The Grapes of Wrath 165 Danny in the back seat wants a cup a water. Little fellai thirsty. Listen to that gasket whistle. Chee-rist! There she went. Blowed tube an casing all to hell. Have to fix her. Save that casing to make boots; cut em out an stick em inside a weak place. Cars pulled up beside the road, engine heads off, tires mended. Cars limping along 66 like wounded things, panting and struggling. Too hot, loose connections, loose bearings, rattling bodies. Danny wants a cup a water. People in flight along 66. And the concrete road shone like a mirror under the sun, and in the distance the heat made it seem that there were pools of water in the road. Danny wants a cup a water. Hell have to wait, poor little fella. Hes hot. Nex service station. Service station, like the fella says. Two hundred and fifty thousand people over the road. Fifty thousand old cars-wounded, steaming. Wrecks along the road, abandoned. Well, what happened to them? What happened to the folks in that car? Did they walk? Where are they? Where does the courage come from? Where does the terrible faith come from? And heres a story you can hardly believe, but its true, and its funny and its beautiful. There was a family of twelve and they were forced off the land. They had no car. They built a trailer out of junk and loaded it with their possessions. They pulled it to the side of 66 and waited. And pretty soon a sedan picked them up. Five of them rode in the sedan and seven on the trailer, and a dog on the trailer. They got to California in two jumps. The man who pulled them fed them. And thats true. Bur how can such courage 1 66 The Grapes of Wrath be, and such faith in their own species? "Very few things would teach such faith. The people in flight from the terror behind-strange things happen to them, some bitterly cruel and some so beau- tiful that the faith is refired forever. Chapter Thirteen T IRE ancient overloaded Hudson creaked and grunted to the highway at Sallisaw and turned west, and the sun was blinding. But on the concrete road A1 built up his speed because the flattened springs were not in danger any more. From Sallisaw to Gore is twenty-one miles and the Hudson was doing thirty-five miles an hour. From Gore to Warner thirteen miles; Warner to Checotah fourteen miles; Checotah a long jump to Henrietta thirty-four miles, but a real town at the end of it. Henrietta to Castle nineteen miles, and the sun was overhead, and the red fields, heated by the high sun, vibrated the air. Al, at the wheel, his face purposeful, his whole body lis tening to the car, his restless eyes jumping from the road to the instrument panel. Al was one with his engine, every nerve listening for weaknesses, for the thumps or squeals, hums and chattering that indicate a change that may cause a breakdown. He had become the soul of the car. Granma, beside him on the seat, half slept, and whimpered in her sleep, opened her eyes to peer ahead, and then dozed again. And Ma sat beside Granma, one elbow out the win- dow, and the skin reddening under the fierce sun. Ma looked ahead too, but her eyes were flat and did not see the road or the fields, the gas stations, the little eating sheds. She did not glance at them as the Hudson went by. Al shifted himself on the broken seat and changed his grip i6n illl atf? M ,VK ' ' .J 1 68 The Grapes of Wrath on the steering wheel. And he sighed, Makes a racket, but I think shes awright. God knows what shell do if we got to climb a hill with the load we got. Got any hills tween here an California, Ma? Ada turned her head slowly and her eyes came to life. Seems to me theys hills, she said.  Course I dunno. But seems to me I heard theys hills an even mountains. Big ones. Granma drew a long whining sigh in her sleep.  A1 said, Well burn right up if we got climbin to do. Have to throw out some a this stuff. Maybe we shouldn a brang that preacher. Youll be glad a that preacher fore were through, said Ma. That preacherll help us. She looked ahead at the gleaming road again. A1 steered with one hand and put the other on the vibrat- ing gear-shift lever. He had difficulty in speaking. His mouth formed the words silently before he said them aloud. Ma  She looked slowly around at him, her head swaying a little with the cars motion. Ma, you scared a goinP You scared a gain to a new place? Her eyes grew thoughtful and soft. A little, she said. Only it aint like scared so much. Im jus a settin here Waitin. When somepin happens that I got to do somepin Hide it Aint you thinkin whats it gonna be like when we get there? Aint you scared it wont be nice like we thought? No, she said quickly. No, I aint. You cant do that. I cant do that. Its too much livin too many lives. Up ahead theys a thousan lives we might live, but when it comes, itll ony be one. If I go ahead on all of em, its too much. You got to live ahead cause youre so young, but its jus the The Grapes of Wrath 169 road goin by for me. An its jus how soon they gonna wanta eat some more pork bones. Her face tightened. Thats all I can do. I cant do no more. All the restd get upset if I done any moren that. They all depen on me jus thinkin about that. Granma yawned shrilly and opened her eyes. She looked wildly about. I got to get out, praise Gawd, she said. First clump a brush, said Al. Theys one up ahead. Brush or no brush, I got to git out, I tell ya. And she began to whine, I got to git out. I got to git out. Al speeded up, and when he came to the low brush he pulled up short. Ma threw the door open and half pulled the struggling old lady out beside the road and into the bushes. And Ma held her so Granma would not fall when she squatted. On top of the truck the others stirred to life. Their faces were shining with sunburn they could not escape. Tom and Casy and Noah and Uncle John let themselves wearily down. Ruthie and Winfield swarmed down the side-boards and went off into die bushes. Connie helped Rose of Sharon gently down. Under the canvas, Grampa was awake, his head sticking out, but his eyes were drugged and watery and still senseless. He watched the others, but there was little recog' nition in his watching. Tom called to him, Want to come down, Grampa? The old eyes turned listlessly to him. No, said Grampa. For a moment the fierceness came into his eyes. I aint a-goin, I tell you. Gonna stay like Muley. And then he lost interest again. Ma came back, helping Granma up the bank to the highway. Tom, she said. Get that pan a bones, under the canvas in back. We got to eat somepin. Tom got the pan and i yo The Grapes of Wrath passed It around, and the family stood by the roadside, gnaw- ing the crisp particles from the pork bones. Sure lucky we brang these along said Pa. Git so stiff up there cant hardly move. Wheres the water? Aint it up with you? Ma asked. I set out that gallon jug Pa climbed the sides and looked under the canvas. a It aint here. We must a forgot it. Thirst set in instantly. Winfield moaned, I wanta drink. I wanta drink. The men licked their lips, suddenly con- scious of their thirst. And a little panic started. A1 felt the fear growing. Well get water first service sta- tion we come to. We need some gas too. The family swarmed up the truck sides; Ma helped Granina in and got in beside her. A1 started the motor and they moved on. Castle to Paden twenty-five miles and the sun passed the Zenith and started down. And the radiator cap began to jig- gle up and down and steam started to whish out. Near Paden there was a shack beside the road and two gas pumps in front of it; and beside a fence, a water faucet and a hose. A1 drove in and nosed the Hudson up to the hose. As they pulled in, a stout man, red of face and arms, got up from a chair behind the gas pumps and moved toward them. He wore brown corduroys, and suspenders and a polo shirt; and he had a cardboard sun helmet, painted silver, on his head. The sweat beaded on his nose and under his eyes and formed streams in the wrinkles of his neck. He strolled toward the truck, looking truculent and stem. You folks aim to buy anything? Gasoline or stuff? he asked. ; -..A. A1 was out already, unscrewing the steaming radiator cap with the tips of his fingers, jerking his hand away to escape The Grapes of Wrath 17 1 the spurt when the cap should come loose. Need some gas. mister. Got any money? Sure. Think were beggin? The truculence left the fat mans face. Well, thats all right, folks. Hep yourself to water. And he hastened to ex- plain. Road is full a people, come in, use water, dirty up the toilet, an then, by God, theyll steal stuff an dont buy nothin. Got no money to buy with. Come beggin a gallon gas to move on. Tom dropped angrily to the ground and moved toward the fat man. Were payin our way, he said fiercely. You got no call to give us a goin-over. We aint asked you for nothin. I aint, the fat man said quickly. The sweat began to soak through his short-sleeved polo shirt. Jus hep yourself to water, and go use the toilet if you want. Winfield had got the hose. He drank from the end and then turned the stream over his head and face, and emerged dripping, it aint cool, he said. I don know what the countrys cornin to, the fat man continued. His complaint had shifted now and he was no longer talking to or about the Joads. Fifty-sixty cars a folks go by ever day, folks all movin west with kids an househol stuff. Where they goin? What they gonna do? Doin the same as us, said Tom. Goin someplace to live. Tryin to get along. Thats all. Well, I don know what the countrys cornin to. I jus don know. Heres me tryin to get along, too. Think any them big new cars stops here? No, sir! They go on to them yella-painted company stations in town. They dont stop no place like this. Most folksstops here aint got nothin. jy 2 The Grapes of Wrath A1 flipped the radiator cap and it jumped into the air with a head of steam behind it, and a hollow bubbling sound came out of the radiator. On top of the truck, the suffering hound doa crawled timidly to the edge of the load and looked over, whimpering, toward the water. Uncle John climbed up and lifted him down by the scruff of the neck. For a moment the dog staggered on stiff legs, and then he went to lap the mud under the faucet. In the highway the cars whizzed by, glis- tening in the heat, and the hot wind of their going fanned into the service-station yard. A1 filled the radiator with the I t that Im tryin to git trade outa rich folks, the fat man went on. Im jus tryin to git trade. Why, the folks that stops here begs gasoline an they trades for gasoline. I could show you in my back room the stuff theyll trade for gas an oil beds an baby buggies an pots an pans. One fam- ily traded a doll their kid had for a gallon. An whatm I gonna do with the stuff, open a junk shop? Why, one fella wanted to gimme his shoes for a gallon. An if I was that kinda fella I bet I could git- He glanced at Ma and stopped. Jim Casy had wet his head, and the drops still coursed down his high forehead, and his muscled neck was wet, and his shirt was wet. He moved over beside Tom. It ain t the peoples fault, he said. Howd you like to sell the bed you deep on for a tankful a gas? I know it aint their fault. Ever person I talked to is on the move for a damn good reason. But what s the country cornin to? Thats what I wanta know. Whats it cornin to? Fella cant make a livin no more. Folks cant make a livin  farmin. I ask you, whats it cornin to? I cant figure her out. Everbody I ask, they cant figure her out. Fella wants to The Grapes of Wrath 173 trade his shoes so he can git a hunderd miles on. I cant figure her out. He took off his silver hat and wiped his forehead with his palm. And Tom took off his cap and wiped his fore- head with it. He went to the hose and wet the cap through and squeezed it and put it on again. Ma worked a tin cup out through the side bars of the truck, and she took water to Granma and to Grampa on top of the load. She stood on the bars and handed the cup to Grampa, and he wet his lips, and then shook his head and refused more. The old eyes looked up at Ma in pain and bewilderment for a moment before the awareness receded again. A1 started the motor and backed the truck to the gas pump. Fill her up. Shell take about seven, said Al. We 11 give her six so she dont spill none.  The fat man put the hose in the tank. No, sir, he said. I jus dont know what the countrys cornin to. Relief an all. Casy said, I been walkin aroun in the country. Ever- bodys askin  that. What we cornin to? Seems to me we dont never come to nothin. Always on the way. Always goin and goin. Why dont folks think about that? Theys movement now. People moving. We know why, an we know how. Movin cause they got to. Thats why folks always move. Movin cause they want somepin bettern what they got. An thats the ony way theyll ever git it, Wantin it an needin it, theyll go out an git it. Its bein hurt that makes folks mad to fightin. I been walkin aroun' the country, an hearin folks talk like you. The fat man pumped the gasoline and the needle turned on the pump dial, recording the amount. Yeah, but whats it cornin to? Thats what I want ta know. The Grapes of Wrath Tom broke in irritably, Well, you aint never gonna know. Casy tries to tell ya an you jest ast the same thing over. I seen fellas like you before. You aint askin nothin; youre jus singin a kinda song. What we cornin to? You don wanta know. Countrys movin aroun, goin places. Theys folks dyin all aroun. Maybe youll die pretty soon, but you wont know nothin. I seen too many fellas like you. You dont want to know nothin. Just sing yourself to sleep with a song What we cornin to?  He looked at the gas pump, rusted and old, and at the shack behind it, built of old lumber, the nail holes of its first use still showing through the paint that had been brave, the brave yellow paint that had tried to imitate the big company stations in town. But the paint couldnt cover the old nail holes and the old cracks in the lumber, and the paint could not be renewed. The imita- tion was a failure and the owner had known it was a failure. And inside the open door of the shack Tom saw the oil bar- rels, only two of them, and the candy counter with stale candies and licorice whips turning brown with age, and cigarettes. He saw the broken chair and the fly screen with a rusted hole in it. And the littered yard that should have been graveled, and behind, the corn field drying and dying in the sun. Beside the house the little stock of used tires and re- treaded tires. And he saw for the first time the fat man s cheap washed pants and his cheap polo shirt and his paper hat. He said, I didn mean to sound off at ya, mister. Its the heat. You aint got nothin. Pretty soon youll be on the road yoursef. And it aint tractorsll put you there. Its them pretty yella stations in town. Folks is movin, -  he said asham- edly. An youll be movin, mister. The fat mans hand slowed on the pump and stopped while Tom spoke. He looked worriedly at Tom. Howd The Grapes of Wrath 175 you know? he asked helplessly, Howd you know we was already talkin about packin up an movin west? Casy answered him. Its everbody, he said. Heres me that used to give all my fight against the devil cause 1 fig- gered the devil was the enemy. But theys somepin worse11 the devil got hold a the country, an it aint gonna let go till its chopped loose. Ever see one a them Gila monsters take hold, mister? Grabs hold, an you chop him in two an his head hangs on. Chop him at the neck an his head hangs on. Got to take a screw-driver an pry his head apart to git him .loose. An while hes layin there, poison is drippin an drip- pin into the hole hes made with his teeth. He stopped and looked sideways at Tom. The fat man stared hopelessly straight ahead. His hand started turning the crank slowly. I dunno what were cornin to, he said softly. Over by the water hose, Connie and Rose of Sharon stood together, talking secretly. Connie washed the tin cup and felt the water with his finger before he filled the cup again. Rose of Sharon watched the cars go by on the highway, Connie held out the cup to her. This water aint cool, but its wet, he said. She looked at him and smiled secretly. She was all secrets now she was pregnant, secrets and little silences that seemed to have meanings. She was pleased with herself, and she com plained about things that didnt really matter. And she de- manded services of Connie that were silly, and both of them knew they were silly. Connie was pleased with her too, and filled with wonder that she was pregnant. He liked to think he was in on the secrets she had. When she smiled slyly, he smiled slyly too, and they exchanged confidences in whis-- pers. The world had drawn close around them, and they I? 6 The Grapes of Wrath were in the center of it, or rather Rose of Sharon was m the center of it with Connie making a small orbit about her. Everything they said was a kind of secret. , She. drew her eyes from the highway. I aint very thirsty, she said daintily. But maybe I ought to drink. And he nodded, for he knew well what she meant. She took the cup and rinsed her mouth and spat and then drank the cupful of tepid water. Want another? he asked. Jus a half. And so he filled the cup just half, and gave it to her. A Lincoln Zephyr, silvery and low, whisked by. She turned to see where the others were and saw them clustered about the truck. Reassured, she said, Howd you like to be goin along in that?  Connie sighed, Maybe-after. They both knew what he meant. An if theys plenty work in California, well git our own car. But them-he indicated the disappearing Zephyr them kind costs as much as a good size house. I rutlier have the house. I like to have the house art one a them  she said. But course the house would be first because And they both knew what she meant. They were terribly excited about the pregnancy. You feel awright? he asked. Tard. Jus tard ridin in the sun. We got to do that or we wont never get to California. I know, she said. The dog wandered, sniffing, past the truck, trotted to the puddle under the hose again and lapped at the muddy water. And then he moved away, nose down and ears hanging. He sniffed his way among the dusty weeds beside the road, to the edge of the pavement. He raised his head and looked across, and then started over. Rose of Sharon screamed The Grapes of Wrath ijj shrilly. A big swift car whisked near? tires squealed. The dog dodged helplessly, and with a shriek, cut off in the mid- dle, went under the w r heels. The big car slowed for a mo- ment and faces looked back, and then it gathered greater speed and disappeared. And the dog, a blot of blood and tangled, burst intestines, kicked slowly in the road.. Rose of Sharons eyes were wide. Dyou think itll hurt? she begged. Think itll hurt? Connie put his arm around her. Come set down, he said. It wasnt nothin. But I felt it hurt. I felt it kinda jar when I yelled. Come set down. It wasnt nothin. It wont hurt. He led her to the side of the truck away from the dying dog and sat her down on the running board. Tom and Uncle John walked out to the mess. The last quiver was going out of the crushed body. Tom took it by the legs and dragged it to the side of the road. Uncle John looked embarrassed, as though it were his fault. I ought ta tied him up, he said. Pa looked down at the dog for a moment and then he turned away. Les get outa here, he said. I don know how we was gonna feed im anyways. Just as well, maybe. The fat man came from behind the truck. ' Im sorry, folks, he said. A dog jus don last no time near a highway. I had three dogs run over in a year. Dont keep none, no more. And he said, Dont you folks worry none about it. Ill take care of im. Bury im out in the com field. Ma walked over to Rose of Sharon, where she sat, still shuddering, on the running board. You all right, Rosa- sham? she asked. You feelin poorly? I seen that. Give me a start. I heard ya yip, said Ma. Git yourself laced up, now-  j 7 8 The Grapes of Wrath You suppose it might of hurt? f , No  said Ma.  F you go to greasin yourself an ieelm sorry, an tuckin yourself in a swallas nest, it might. Rise up now, an hep me get Granma comf table. Forget that baby for a minute. Hell take care a hisself. Where is Granma? Rose of Sharon asked. I dunno. Shes aroun here somewheres. Maybe in the outhouse.. The girl went toward the toilet, and in a moment she came out, helping Granma along. She went to sleep m there, said Rose of Sharon. Granma grinned. Its nice in there, she said. They got a patent toilet in there an the water comes down. I like it in there, she said contentedly. Would of took a good nap if I wasnt woke up. It aint a nice place to sleep, said Rose of Sharon, and she helped Granma into the car. Granma settled herself hap- pily. Maybe it aint nice for purty, but its nice for nice, she said. Tom said, Les go. We got to make miles. Pa whistled shrilly. Now whered them kids go? He whistled again, putting his fingers in his mouth. In a moment they broke from the corn field, Ruthie ahead and Winfield trailing her. Eggs! Ruthie cried. I got sof eggs. She rushed close, with Winfield close behind. Look! A dozen soft, grayish-white eggs were in her grubby hand. And as she held up her hand, her eyes fell upon the dead dog beside the road. Oh! she said. Ruthie and Winfield walked slowly toward the dog. They inspected him. Pa called to them, Come on, you, less you want to git left. They turned solemnly and walked to the truck. Ruthie The Grapes of Wrath 179 looked once more at the gray reptile eggs in her hand, and then she threw them away. They climbed up the side of the track. His eyes was still open, said Ruthie in a hushed tone. But Winfield gloried in the scene. Fie said boldly, His guts was just strowed all over-all over he was silent for a moment strowed all-over, he said, and then he rolled over quickly and vomited down the side of the track. When he sat up again his eyes were watery and his nose running. It aint like killin pigs, he said in explanation. A1 had the hood of the Hudson up, and he checked the oil level. He brought a gallon can from the floor of the from seat and poured a quantity of cheap black oil into the pips and checked the level again. Tom came beside him. Want I should take her a piece? he asked. I aint tired, said AL Well, you didn get no sleep las night. I took a snooze this morning. Get up there on top. Ill take her Awright, Al said reluctantly. But watch the oil gauge pretty close. Take her slow. An I been watchin for a short. Take a look a the needle now an then. F she jumps to, dis- charge its a short. An take her slow, Tom. Shes over- loaded. Tom laughed. Til watch her, he said. You can res easy. The family piled on top of the truck again. Ma settled her,, self beside Granina in the seat, and Tom took his place and started the motor. Sure is loose, he said, and he put it in gear and pulled away down the highway. .The motor droned along steadily and the sun receded down the sky in front of themGranma slept steadily, and i8o The Grapes of Wrath even Ma dropped her head forward and dozed. Tom pulled his cap over his eyes to shut out the blinding sun. Paden to Meeker is thirteen miles; Meeker to Harrah is fourteen miles; and then Oklahoma City-the big city. Tom drove straight on. Ma waked up and looked at the streets as they went through the city. And the family, on top of the truck, stared about at the stores, at the big houses, at the office buildings. And then the buildings grew smaller and the stores smaller. The wrecking yards and hot-dog stands, the out-city dance halls. Ruthie and Winfield saw it all, and it embarrassed them with its bigness and its strangeness, and it frightened them with the fine-clothed people they saw. They did not speak of it to each other. Later they would, but not now. They saw the oil derricks in the town, on the edge of the town; oil derricks black, and the smell of oil and gas in the air. But they didnt exclaim. It was so big and so strange it frightened them. In the street Rose of Sharon saw a man in a light suit. He wore white shoes and a flat straw hat. She touched Connie and indicated the man with her eyes, and then Connie and Rose of Sharon giggled softly to themselves, and the giggles got the best of them. They covered their mouths. And it felt so good that they looked for other people to giggle at. Ruthie and W infi eld saw them giggling and it looked such fun that they tried to do it too-but they couldnt. The gig- gles wouldnt come. But Connie and Rose of Sharon were breathless and red with stifling laughter before they could stop. It got so bad that they had only to look at each other to start over again. The outskirts were wide spread. Tom drove slowly and carefully in the traffic, and then they were on 66 the great The Grapes of Wrath 181 western road, and the sun was sinking on the' line of the road. The windshield was bright with dust. Tom pulled his cap lower over his eyes, so low that he had to tilt his head back to see out at all Granma slept on, the sun on her closed eyelids, and the veins on her temples were blue, and the little bright veins on her cheeks were wine-colored, and the old brown marks on her face turned darker. Tom said, We stay on this road right straight through. Ma had been silent for a long time. Maybe we better fin a place to stop fore sunset, she said. I got to get some pork a-boilin an some bread made. That takes time. Sure, Tom agreed. We aint gonna make this trip in one jump. Mights w r ell stretch ourselves. Oklahoma City to Bethany is fourteen miles. Tom said, I think we better stop fore the sun goes down. A1 got to build that thing on the top. Sunll kill the folks up there. Ada had been dozing again. Her head jerked upright. Got to get some supper a-cookin, she said. And she said, Tom, your pa toF me about you crossin the State line   He was a long time answering. Yeah? What about it, Ma? Well, Im scairt about it. Itll make you kinda runnin away. Maybe theyll catch ya. Tom held his hand over his eyes to protect himself from the lowering sun. Dont you worry, he said. I figgered her out. Theys lots a fellas out on parole an theys more goin in all the time. If I get caught for anything else out west, well, then they got my pitcher an my prints in Wash- ington. Theyll sen me back. But if I dont do no crimes, they wont give a damn. Well, Im a-scairt about it. Sometimes you do a crime, an 1 82 The Grapes of Wrath yon dont even know its bad. Maybe they got crimes in California we dont even know about. Maybe you gonna do somepin an its all right, an in California it aint all right. Be jus the same if I wasnt on parole, he said. Ony if I get caught I get a bigger joltn other folks. Now you quit a-worryin, he said. 'We got plenty to worry about thout you figgerin out things to worry about. 1 cant hep it, she said. Minute you cross the line you done a crime. Well, thas bettern stickin aroun Sallisaw an starvin to death, he said. c We better look out for a place to stop. They went through Bethany and out on the other side. In  ditch, where a culvert went under the road, an old touring car was pulled off the highway and a little tent was pitched beside it, and smoke came out of a stove pipe through the tent. Tom pointed ahead. Theres some folks campin. Looks like as good a place as we seen. He slowed his motor and pulled to a stop beside the road. The hood of the old touring car was up, and a middle-aged man stood looking down at the motor. He wore a cheap straw sombrero, a blue shirt, and a black, spotted vest, and his jeans were stiff and shiny with dirt. His face was lean, the deep cheek-lines great furrows down his face so that his cheek bones and chin stood out sharply. He looked up at the Joad truck and his eyes were puzzled and angry. Tom leaned out of the window. Any law gainst folks stoppin here for the night? The man had seen only the truck. His eyes focused down on Tom. I dunno, he said. We ony stopped here cause we couldnt git no further. Any water here? The man pointed to a service-station shack about a quar- Well, ya spose we could camp down The Grapes of Wrath 183 ter of a mile ahead. Theys water there theyll let ya take a bucket of. Tom hesitated. longside? The lean man looked puzzled. We dont own it, he said. We on y stopped here cause this goddamn oF trap wouldn go no further. Tom insisted. Anyways youre here an we aint. You got a right to say if you wan neighbors or not. The appeal to hospitality had an instant effect. The lean face broke into a smile. Why, sure, come on off the road. Proud to have ya. And he called, Sairy, theres some folks goin ta stay with us. Come on out an say how dya do., Sairy aint well, he added. The tent flaps opened and a wiz- ened woman came out-a face wrinkled as a dried leaf and eyes that seemed to flame in her face, black eyes that seemed to look out of a well of horror. She was small and shuddering. She held herself upright by a tent flap, and the hand holding onto the canvas was a skeleton covered with wrinkled skin. When she spoke her voice had a beautiful low timbre, soft and modulated, and yet with ringing overtones. Tell em welcome, she said. Tell em good an welcome. Tom drove off the road and brought his truck into the field and lined it up with the touring car. And people boiled down from the truck; Ruthie and Winfield too quickly, so that their legs gave way and they shrieked at the pins and needles that ran through their limbs. Ma went quickly to work. She untied the three-gallon bucket from the back of the truck and approached the squealing children. Now you go git water-right down there. Ask nice. Say, Please, kin we git a bucket a water? and say, Thank you, An carry it back together helpin, an dont spill none. An if you see 384 The Grapes of Wrath stick wood to burn, bring it on. The children stamped away toward the shack. By the tent a little embarrassment had set in, and social in- tercourse had paused before it started. Pa said, You ain t Oklahomy folks? And Al, who stood near the car, looked at the license plates. Kansas, he said. The lean man said, Galena, or right about there. Wilson, Ivy Wilson. Were Joads, said Pa. We come from right near Salih saw. Well, were proud to meet you folks, said Ivy Wilson. Sairy, these is Joads. I lmowed you wasnt Oklahomy folks. You talk queer kinda-that aint no blame, you understand Everbody says words different, said Ivy. Arkansas folks says em different, and Oklahomy folks says em differ- ent. And we seen a lady from Massachusetts, an she said em differentest of all. Couldn hardly make out what she was sayin. Noah and Uncle John and the preacher began to unload the truck. They helped Grampa down and sat him on the ground and he sat limply, staring ahead of him. You sick, Grampa? Noah asked. You goddamn right, said Grampa weakly. Sickern hell Sairy Wilson walked slowly and carefully toward him. Howd you like ta come in our tent? she asked. You kin lay down on our mattress an rest. He looked up at her, drawn by her soft voice. Come on now, she said Youll git some rest. Well hep you over. The Grapes of Wrath f 85 Without warning Grampa began to cry. His chin wavered and his old lips tightened over his mouth and he sobbed hoarsely. Ma rushed over to him and put her arms around him. She lifted him to his feet, her broad back straining, and she half lifted, half helped him into the tent. Uncle John said, He must be good an sick. He aint never done that before. Never seen him blubberin in my life. He jumped up on the truck and tossed a mattress down. Ma came out of the tent and went to Casy. You been aroun sick people, she said. Grampas sick. Wont you go take a look at him? Casy walked quickly to the tent and went inside. A double mattress was on the ground, the blankets spread neatly; and a little tin stove stood on iron legs, and the fire in it burned unevenly. A bucket of water, a wooden box of supplies, and a box for a table, that was all. The light of the setting sun came pinkly through the tent walls. Sairy Wilson knelt on the ground, beside the mattress, and Grampa lay on his back. His eyes were open, staring upward, and his cheeks were flushed. He breathed heavily. Casy took the skinny old wrist in his fingers. Feeling kinda tired, Grampa? he asked. The staring eyes moved toward his voice but did not find him. The lips practiced a speech but did not speak it. Casy felt the pulse and he dropped the wrist and put his hand on Grampas forehead. A struggle began in the old mans body, his legs moved rest- lessly and his hands stirred. He said a whole string of blurred sounds that were not words, and his face was red under the spiky white whiskers. Sairy Wilson spoke softly to Casy. Know whats wrong? 86 The Grapes of Wrath  He looked op at the wrinkled face and the burning eyes- s To you? I think so. 'What? Casy asked. ' Might be wrong. I wouldn like to say. Casy looked back at the twitching red face. Would you say maybe hes workin up a stroke? Id say that, said Sairy. I seen it three times before. From outside came the sounds of camp-making, wood chopping, and the rattle of pans. Ma looked through the flaps, Granma wants to come in. Would she better? The preacher said, Shell jus fret if she dont. Think hes a wright?  Ma asked. Casy shook his head slowly. Ma looked quickly down at the struggling old face with blood pounding through it. She drew outside and her voice came through. Hes awright, Granma. Hes jus takin a little res. And Granma answered sulkily, Well, I want ta see him. Hes a tricky devil. He wouldnt never let ya know. And she came scurrying through the flaps. She stood over the mattresses and looked down. Whats the matterd! you? she demanded of Grampa. And again his eyes reached toward her voice and his lips writhed. Hes sulkin, said Granma. I tol you he was tricky. He was gonna sneak away this mornin so he wouldnt have to come. An then his hip got a-hurtin, she said disgustedly. Hes jus sulkin. I seen him when he wouldn talk to nobody before. Casy said gently, He aint sulkin, Granma. Hes sick. Oh! She looked down at the old man again, Sick bad, you think? Purty bad, Granma. . For a moment she hesitated uncertainly. Well, she said The Grapes of Wrath 1 87 quickly, why aint you. prayin? Youre a preacher, aint you? Casys strong fingers blundered over to Grampas wrist and clasped around it. I toF you, Granma. I aint a preacher no more. Pray anyway, she ordered. You know all the stuff fay heart. I cant, said Casy. I don know what to pray for oj who to pray to. Granmas eyes wandered away and came to rest on Sairy He wont pray she said. Dl ever tell ya how Ruthie prayed when she was a little skinner? Says, Now I lay me down to sleep. I pray the Lord my soul to keep. An when she got there the cupboard was bare, an so the poor dog got none. Amen. Thats jus what she done. The shadow of someone walking between the tent and the sun crossed the canvas. Grampa seemed to be struggling; all his muscles twitched. And suddenly he jarred as though under a heavy blow. He lay still and his breath was stopped. Casy looked down at the old mans face and saw that it was turning a blackish purple. Sairy touched Casys shoulder. She whispered, His tongue, his tongue, his tongue. Casy nodded. Get in front a Granma. Fie pried the tight jaws apart and reached into the old mans throat for the tongue. And as he lifted it clear, a rattling breath came out, and a sobbing breath was indrawn. Casy found a stick on the ground and held down the tongue with it, and the uneven breath rattled in and out. Granma hopped about like a chicken. Pray, she said. Pray, you. Pray, I tell ya. Sairy tried to hold her back. Pray, goddamn you! Granma cried. 1 88 The Grapes of Wrath Casy looked up at her for a moment. The rasping breath came louder and more unevenly. Our Father who art in Heaven, hallowed be Thy name   Glory! shouted Granma. Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven. Amen. A long gasping sigh came from the open mouth, and then a crying release of air. Give us this day our daily bread and forgive us The breathing had stopped. Casy looked down into Grampas eyes and they were clear and deep and penetrating, and there was a knowing serene look in them. Hallelujah! said Granma. Go on. Amen, said Casy. Granma was still then. And outside the tent all the noise had stopped. A car wiiished by on the highway. Casy still knelt on the floor beside the mattress. The people outside were listening, standing quietly intent on the sounds of dying. Sairy took Granma by the arm and led her outside, and Granma moved with dignity and held her head high. She walked for the family and held her head straight for the family. Sairy took her to a mattress lying on the ground and sat her down on it. And Granma looked straight ahead, proudly, for she was on show now. The tent was still, and at last Casy spread the tent flaps with his hands and stepped . out. Pa asked softly, What w r as it? Stroke, said Casy. A good quick stroke. Life began to move again. The sun touched the horizon and flattened over it. And along the highway there came a The Grapes of Wrath 189 long line of huge freight trucks with red sides. They rum- bled along, putting a little earthquake in the ground, and the standing exhaust pipes sputtered blue 'smoke from the Diesel oil. One man drove each truck, and his relief man slept in a bunk high up against the ceiling. But the trucks never stopped; they thundered day and night and the ground shook under their heavy march. The family became a unit. Pa squatted down on the ground, and Uncle John beside him. Pa was the head of the family now. Ma stood behind him. Noah and Tom and A1 squatted, and the preacher sat down, and then reclined on his elbow. Connie and Rose of Sharon walked at a distance. Now Ruthie and Winfield, clattering up with a bucket of water held between them, felt the change, and they slowed up and set down the bucket and moved quietly to stand with Ma. Granma sat proudly, coldly, until the group was formed, until no one looked at her, and then she lay down and cov- ered her face with her arm. The red sun set and left a shin- ing twilight on the land, so that faces were bright in the evening and eyes shone in reflection of the sky. The evening picked up light where it could. Pa said, It was in Mr. Wilsons tent. Uncle John nodded. He loaned his tent.' 5 Fine friendly folks, Pa said softly. Wilson stood by his broken car, and Sairy had gone to the mattress to sit beside Granma, but Sairy was careful not to touch her. Pa called, Mr. Wilson! The man scuffed near and squatted down, and Sairy came and stood beside him. Fa said, Were thankful to you folks. Were proud to help  said Wilson. 190 The Grapes of Wrath Were beholden to you, said Pa. Theres no beholden in a time of dying, said Wilson, and Sairy echoed him, Never no beholden. Ai said, Ill fix your car me an Tom will. And AT looked proud that he could return the familys obligation. We could use some help. Wilson admitted the retiring of the obligation. Pa said, We got to figger what to do. Theys laws. You got to report a death, an when you do that, they either take forty dollars for the undertaker or they take him for a pauper. Uncle John broke in, We never did have no paupers. Tom said, MayDe w r e got to learn. We never got booted off no land before, neither. We done it clean, said Pa. There cant no blame be laid on us. We never took nothin we couldn pay; we never suf- fered no mans charity. When Tom here got in trouble we could hold up our heads. He only done what any man would a done. Then whatll we do? Uncle John asked. We go in like the laws says an theyll come out for him. We ony got a hundred an fifty dollars. They take forty to bury Grampa an we wont get to California or else theyll bury him a pauper. The men stirred restively, and they studied the darkening ground in front of their knees. Pa said softly, Grampa buried his pa with his own hand, done it in dignity, an shaped the grave nice with his own shovel. That was a time when a man had the right to be buried by his own son an a son had the right to bury his own father. ' The law says different now, said Uncle John. Sometimes the law cant be follerd no way, said Pa. The Grapes of Wrath 191 Not in decency, anyways. Theys lots a times yon cant When Floyd was loose an 5 goin wild, law said we got to give him np an nobody give him up. Sometimes a fella got to sift the law. Fm savin now I got the right to bury my own pa. Anybody got somepin to say? The preacher rose high on his elbow. Law changes, he said, but 'got tos go on. You got the right to do what you got to do. Pa turned to Uncle John. Its your right too, John. Yo . got any word against? No word against, said Uncle John. Gny its like hidin him in the night. Grampas way was tcome out a-shootin Pa said ashamedly, We cant do like Grampa done. We got to get to California fore our money gives out. Tom broke in, Sometimes fellas workin dig up a man an then they raise hell an figger he been killed. The gov- ments got more interest in a dead man than a live one. Theyll go hell-scrapin tryin to fin out who he was and how he died. I offer we put a note of writin in a bottle an lay it with Grampa, tellin w T ho he is an how he died, an 1 why hes buried here. Pa nodded agreement. Thas good. Wrote out in a nice han. Be not so lonesome too, knowin his name is there with im, not jus a old fella lonesome underground. Any more stuff to say? The circle was silent. Pa turned his head to Ma. Youll lay im out? Ill lay im out, said Ma. But whos to get supper? Sairy Wilson said, Ill get supper. You go right ahead. Me an that big girl of youm. We sure thank you, said Ma. Noah, you get into them kegs an bring out some nice pork. Salt wont be deep in it yet, but itll be right nice earin. 192 The Grapes of Wrath We got a half sack a potatoes, said Sairy. Ma said, Gimme two half-dollars. Pa dug in his pocket and gave her the silver. She found the basin, filled it full of water, and went into the tent. It was nearly dark in there. Sairy came in and lighted a candle and stuck it upright on a box and then she went out. For a moment Ma looked down at the dead old man. And then in pity she tore a strip from her own apron and tied up his jaw. She straightened his limbs, folded his hands over his chest. She held his eyelids down and laid a silver piece on each one. She buttoned his shirt and washed his face. Sairy looked in, saying, Can I give you any help? Ma looked slowly up. Come in, she said. I like to talk to ya. Thats a good big girl you got, said Sairy. Shes right in peelin potatoes. What can I do to help? I was gonna wash Grampa all over, said Ma, but he got no other cloes to put on. An course your quilts spoilt. Cant never get the smell a death from a quilt. I seen a dog growl an shake at a mattress my ma died on, an that was two years later. Well wrop im in your quilt. Well make it up to you. We got a quilt for you. Sairy said, You shouldn talk like that. Were proud to help. I aint felt so safe in a long time. People needs to help. Ma nodded. They do, she said. She looked long into the old whiskery face, wdth its bound jaw T and silver eyes shining in the candlelight. He aint gonna look natural. Well wrop him up. The oP lady took it good. Why, shes so old, said Ma, maybe she dont even rightly know what happened. Maybe she wont really know The Grapes of Wrath 193 for quite a while. Besides, us folks takes a pride hoidin in. My pa used to say, Anybody can break down. It takes a man not to. We always try to hold in. She folded the quilt neatly about Grampa s legs and around his shoulders. She brought the corner of the quilt over his head like a cowl and pulled it down over his face. Sairy handed her half-a-dozen big safety pins, and she pinned the quilt neatly and tightly about the long package. And at last she stood up. It won't be a bad burying, she said. We got a preacher to see him in, an his folks is all aroun. Suddenly she swayed a little, and Sairy went to her and steadied her. Its sleep- Ma said in a shamed tone. No, Im awright. We been so busy gettin ready, you see. Come out in the air, Sairy said. Yeah, Im all done here. Sairy blew out the candle and the two went out. A bright fire burned in the bottom of the little gulch. And Tom, with sticks and wire, had made supports from which two kettles hung and bubbled furiously, and good steam poured out under the lids. Rose of Sharon knelt on the ground out of range of the burning heat, and she had a long spoon in her hand. She saw Ma come out of the tent, and she stood up and went to her. Ma, she said. I got to ask. Scared again? Ma asked. Why, you cant get through nine months without sorrow. But will it hurt the baby? Ma said, They used to be a sayin, A chile born outa sorrowll be a happy chile. Isnt that so. Mis Wilson? I heard it like that, said Sairy. An I heard the other Bom outa too much joyll be a doleful boy.  Im all jumpy inside, said Rose of Sharon. i04 The Grapes of Wrath Well, we aint none of us jumpin for fun, said Ma. You jes keep watchin the pots. On the edge of the ring of firelight the men had gathered. For tools they had a shovel and a mattock. Pa marked out the ground eight feet long and three feet wide. The work went on in relays. Pa chopped the earth with the mattock and then Uncle John shoveled it out. A1 chopped and Tom shoveled, Noah chopped and Connie shoveled. And the hole drove down, for the work never diminished in speed. The shovels of dirt flew out of the hole in quick spurts. When Tom was shoulder deep in the rectangular pit, he said, How deep, Pa?  Good an deep. A couple feet more. You get out now, Tom, and get that paper wrote. Tom boosted himself out of the hole and Noah took his place. Tom went to Ma, where she tended the fire. We got any paper an pen, Ma? Ma shook her head slowly, No-o. Thats one thing we didn bring. She tooked toward Sairy. And the little woman walked quickly to her tent. She brought back a Bible and a half pencil. Here, she said. Theys a clear page in front. Use that an tear it out. She handed book and pencil to Tom. Tom sat down in the firelight. He squinted his eyes in con- centration, and at last wrote slowly and carefully on the end paper in big clear letters This here is William James Joad, dyed of a stroke, old old man. His fokes bured him becaws they got no money to pay for funerls. Nobody kilt him. Jus a stroke an he dyed. He stopped. Ma, listen to this here. He read it slowly to her. Why, that souns nice, she said. Cant you stick on somepin from Scripture so itll be religious? Open up an git a-sayin somepin outa Scripture. The Grapes of Wrath 195 Got to be short, said Tom. I aint got much room lef on the page. Sairy said, How bout God have mercy on his soul? No, said Tom. Sounds too much like he was hung. Ill copy somepin. He turned the pages and read, mumbling his lips, saying the words under his breath. Heres a good short one, he said.  An Lot said unto them, Oh, not so, my Lord.  Don t mean nothin ,  said Ma. Longs youre gonna put one down, it mights well mean somepin. Sairy said, Turn to Psalms, over further.  ou kin always get somepin outa Psalms. Tom flipped the pages and looked down the verses. Now here is one, he said. This heres a nice one, just blowed full a religion Blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven, whose sin is covered. Hows that? Thats real nice, said Ma. Put that one in. Tom wrote it carefully. Ma rinsed and wiped a fruit jar and Tom screwed the lid down tight on it. Maybe the preacher ought to wrote it, he said. Ma said, No, the preacher want no kin. She took the jar from him and went into the dark tent. She unpinned the covering and slipped the fruit jar in under the thin cold hands and pinned the comforter tight again. And then she went back to the fire. The men came from the grave, their faces shining with perspiration. A wright, said Pa. He and John and Noah and A 1 went into the tent, and they came out carrying the long, pinned bundle between them. They carried it to the grave. Pa leaped into the hole and received the bundle in his arms and laid it gently down. Uncle John put out a hand and helped Pa out of the hole. Pa asked, How about Granma? 196 The Grapes of Wrath Fll see, Ma said. She walked to the mattress and looked down at the old woman for a moment. Then she went back to the grave. Sleepin, she said. Maybe shed hold it against me, but I aint a-gonna wake her up. Shes tard. Pa said, Where ats the preacher? We oughta have a prayer. Tom said, I seen him walkin down, the road. He dont like to pray no more. Dont like to pray? No, said Tom. He aint a preacher no more. He figgers it aint right to fool people actin like a preacher when he aint a preacher. I bet he went away so nobody wouldn ast him. Casy had come quietly near, and he heard Tom speaking. I didn run away, he said. Ill hep you folks, but I wont fool ya. Pa said, Wont you say a few words? Aint none of our folks ever been buried without a few words. Ill say em, said the preacher. Connie led Rose of Sharon to the graveside, she reluctant You got to, Connie said. It aint decent not to. Itll jus be a little. The firelight fell on the grouped people, showing their faces and their eyes, dwindling on their dark clothes. All the hats were off now. The light danced, jerking over the people. Casy said, Itll be a short one. He bowed his head, and the others followed his lead. Casy said solemnly, This here oF man jus lived a life an jus died out of it. I don know whether he was good or bad, but that dont matter much. He was alive, an thats what matters. An now hes dead, an" that dont matter. Heard a fella tell a poem one time, an he says 5 All that lives is holy. Got to thinkin, an purty soon it The Grapes of Wrath 197 means more than the words says. An I wouldn pray for a oF fella thats dead. Hes awright. He got a job to do, but its all laid out for im an theres ony one way to do it. But us, we got a job to do, an theys a thousan ways, an we don know which one to take. An if I was to pray, itd be for the folks that don know which way to turn. Grampa here, he got the easy straight. An now cover im up and let im get to his work. He raised his head. Pa said, Amen, and the others muttered, A-men. Then Pa took the shovel, half filled it with dirt, and spread it gently into the black hole. He handed the shovel to Uncle John, and John dropped in a shovelful. Then the shovel went from hand to hand until every man had his turn. When all had taken their duty and their right, Pa attacked the mound of loose dirt and hurriedly filled the hole. The women moved back to the fire to see to supper. Ruthie and Winfield watched, absorbed. Ruthie said solemnly, Grampas down under there. And Winfield looked at her with horrified eyes. And then he ran away to the fire and sat on the ground and sobbed to himself. Pa half filled the hole, and then he stood panting with the effort while Unde John finished it. And John was shaping 1 up the mound when Tom stopped him. Listen, Tom said.  F we leave a grave, theyll have it open in no time. We got to hide it. Level her off an well strew dry grass. We got to do that. Pa said, I didn think a that. It aint right to leave a grave unmounded. Cant hep it, said Tom. Theyd dig im right up, an wed get it for breakin the law. You know what I get if I break the law. Yeah, Pa said. I forgot that. He took the shovel from x 9 8 The Grapes of Wrath John and leveled the grave. Shell sink, come winter, he said. Cant hep that, said Tom. Well be a long ways off by- winter. Tromp her in good, an well strew stuff over her. When the pork and potatoes were done the families sat about on the ground and ate, and they were quiet, staring into the fire. Wilson, tearing a slab of meat with his teeth, sighed with contentment. Nice eatin pig, he said. Well, Pa explained, we had a couple shoats, an we thought we mights well eat em. Cant get nothin for them. When we get kinda use ta movin an Ma can set up bread, why, itll be pretty nice, seem the country an two kags a pork right in the truck. How long you folks been on the road ?  Wilson cleared his teeth with his tongue and swallowed. We aint been lucky, he said. We been three weeks from home. Why, God Awmighty, we aim to be in California in ten days or less. A1 broke in, I dunno, Pa. With that load were packin, we maybe aint never gonna get there. Not if theys moun- tains to go over. They were silent about the fire. Their faces were turned downward and their hair and foreheads showed in the fire- light. Above the little dome of the firelight the summer stars shone thinly, and the heat of the day was gradually with- drawing. On her mattress, away from the fire, Granma whimpered softly like a puppy. The heads of all turned in her direction. Ma said, Rosasharn, like a good girl go lay down with Granma. She needs somebody now. Shes knowin, now. The Grapes of Wrath - 199 Rose of Sharon got to her feet and walked to the mattress and lay beside the old woman, and the murmur of their soft voices drifted to the fire. Rose of Sharon and Granina whis- pered together on the mattress, - Noah said, Funny thing is losin' Grampa ain't made me feel no different than I done before, I ain't no sadder thaiii I was." It's just the same thing," Casy said. Grampa an the old place, they was jus' the same thing." A! said, Its a goddamn shame. He been talkin what he's gonna do, how he gonna squeeze grapes over his head an' let the juice run in his whiskers, an all stuff like that." Casy said, He was foolin, all the time. I think he knowed it. An' Grampa didn' die tonight. He died the minute you took 'im off the place." You sure a that?" Pa cried. Why, no. Oh, he was breathin," Casy went on, but he was dead. He was that place, an he knowed it." Uncle John said, Did you know he was a-dyin?" Yeah," said Casy. I knowed it." John gazed at him, and a horror grew in his face. An you didn tell nobody?" What good?  Casy asked. We we might of did somepin." What?" I don know, but  " No," Casy said, you couldn a done nothin'. Your way was fixed an Grampa didn have no part in it. He didn' suffer none. Not after fust thing this mornin. Hes jus stayin with the lan. He couldn leave it." Unde John sighed deeply. Wilson said, We hadda leave my brother Will The 200 The Grapes of Wrath heads turned toward him. Him an me had forties side by side. Hes oldern me. Neither one ever drove a car. Well, we went in an we soF everthing. Will, he bought a car, an they give him a kid to show im how to use it. So the afternoon fore were gonna start, Will an Aunt Minnie go apr action. Will, he comes to a bend in the road an he yells 'Whoa an yanks back, an he goes through a fence. An he yells 'Whoa, you bastard an tromps down on the gas an goes over into a gulch. An there he was. Didnt have nothin more to sell an didnt have no car. But it were his own damn fault, praise God. Hes so damn mad he wont come along with us, jus set there a-cussin an a-cussin. "Whats he gonna do? "I dunno. Hes too mad to figger. An we couldm wait. Ony had eighty-five dollars to go on. We couldn set an cut it up, but we et it up anyways. Didn go a hunderd mile when a tooth in the rear end bust, an cost thirty dollars to get her fix, an then we got to get a tire, an then a spark plug cracked, an Sairy got sick. Had ta stop ten days. An now the goddamn car is bust again, an moneys gettin low. I dunno when well ever get to California. F I could ony fix a car, but I don know nothin about cars. A1 asked importantly, "Whats the matter? Well, she jus wont run. Starts an farts an stops. In a minute shell start again, an then fore you can git her goin,  she peters out again. Runs a minute an then dies? ' A es, sir. An I cant keep her a-goin no matter how much gas I give her. Got worse an worse, an now I caint get her a-movin a-tall. A1 was very proud and very mature, then. I think you got l plugged gas line. Ill blow her out for ya. 201 And Pa was proud too. Hes a good hand with a car, Pa said. u Vti ell, 111 sure thank ya for a hanl I sure will. Makes a fella kinda feel-like a little kid, when he cant fix nothin. When we get to California I aim to get me a nice car. Maybe she wont break down. Pa said, When we get there. Gettin theres the trouble. Oh, but shes worth it, said Wilson. Why, I seen han- bills how they need folks to pick fruit, an good wages. Why, jus think how its gonna be, under them shady trees a-pickin fruit an takin a bite ever once in a while. Why, hell, they don t care how much you eat cause they got so much. An with them good wages, maybe a fella can get hisself a little piece a land an work out for extra cash. Why, hell, in a. couple years I bet a fella could have a place of his own. 1 Pa said, We seen them hanbills. I got one right here. He took out his purse and from it took a folded orange handbill. In black type it said, Pea Pickers Wanted in California. Good Wages All Season. 800 Pickers Wanted. Wilson looked at it curiously. Why, thats the one I seen, The very same one. You spose maybe they got all eight hunderd awready? Pa said, This is jus one little part a California, thats the secon biggest State we got. Spose they did them eight hunderd. They s plenty places else. I rather fruit anyways. Like you says, under them trees an fruit why, even the kidsd like to do that. Suddenly A! got up and walked to the Wilsons car. He looked in for a moment and then came down. You cant fix her tonight, Wilson said. I know. Ill io2 ihe Grapes of Wrath Tom had watched his young brother carefully I was chinkin somepin like that myself, he said. Noah asked, What you two fellas talkin about? Tom and A! went silent, each waiting for the other. You tell em, A1 said finally. Well, maybe its no good, an maybe it aint the same thing AFs thinking. Here she is, anyways. We got a over- load, but Mr. and Mis Wilson aint. If some of us folks could ride with them an take some a their light stuff in the truck, we wouldnt break no springs an we could git up hills. An me an A! both knows about a car, so we could keep that car a-rollin. Wed keep together on the road an itd be good for everybody. Wilson jumped up. Why, sure. Why, wed be proud. We certainy would. You hear that, Sairy? Its a nice thing, said Sairy. Wouldn be a burden on you folks? No, by God, said Pa. Wouldnt be no burden at all. Youd be helpin us. Wilson settled back uneasily. Well, I dunno. Whats a matter, don you wanta? Well, ya see I ony got bout thirty dollars lef, an 1 wont be no burden. Ma said, You wont be no burden. Eachll help each, an weII all git to California. Sairy Wilson heped lay Grampa out, and she stopped. The relationship was plain. A1 cried, That carll take six easy. Say me to drive, an Rosasharn an Connie and Granma. Then we take the big light stuff an pile her on the truck. An well trade off ever so often. He spoke loudly, for a load of worry was lifted from him. They smiled shyly and looked down at the ground. Pa, The Grapes of Wrath 2 o s fingered the dusty earth with his fingertips. He said, Ma favors a white house with oranges growin around. They a big pitcher on a calendar she seen. Sairy said, If I get sick again, you got to go on an get there. We aint a-goin to burden. Ma looked carefully at Sairy, and she seemed to see for the first time the pain-tormented eyes and the face that was haunted and shrinking with pain. And Ma said, We gonna see you get through. You said yourself, you cant let help so unwanted. r 8 Sairy studied her wrinkled hands in the firelight. We got to get some sleep tonight. She stood up. 1 Grampa its like hes dead a year, Ma said. The families moved lazily to their sleep, yawning luxuri- ously. Ma sloshed the tin plates off a little and rubbed the grease free with a flour sack. The fire died down and the stars descended. F ew passenger cars went by on the highway now, but the transport trucks thundered by at intervals and put little earthquakes in the ground. In the ditch the cars were hardly visible under the starlight. A tied dog howled at the service station down the road. The families were quiet  1 and sleeping, and the field mice grew bold and scampered about among the mattresses. Only Sairy Wilson was awake. She stared into the sky and braced her body firmly against pain. Chapter Fourteen , western land, nervous under the beginning I change. The Western States, nervous as horses before j a thunder storm. The great owners, nervous, sensing a change, knowing nothing of the nature of the change. The great owners, striking at the immediate thing, the widening government, the growing labor unity; striking at new taxes, at plans; not knowing these things are results, not causes. Results, not causes; results, not causes. The causes lie deep and simply  the causes are a hunger in a stomach, multiplied a million times; a hunger in a single soul, hunger for joy and some security, multiplied a million times; muscles and mind aching to grow, to work, to create, multiplied a million times. The last clear definite function of man muscles ach- ing to work, minds aching to create beyond the single need- this is man. To build a wall, to build a house, a dam, and in die wall and house and dam to put something of Manself, and to Manself take back something of the wall, the house, the dam; to take hard muscles from the lifting, to take the clear lines and form from conceiving. For man, unlike any other thing organic or inorganic in the universe, grows beyond his work, walks up the stairs of his concepts, emerges ahead of his accomplishments. This you may say of man when theo- ries change and crash, when schools, philosophies, when nar- row dark alleys of thought, national, religious, economic, 204 The Grapes of Wrath 205 grow and disintegrate, man reaches, stumbles forward, pain- fully, mistakenly sometimes. Having stepped forward, he may slip back, but only half a step, never the full step back,. This you may say and know it and know it. This you may know when the bombs plummet out of the black planes on the market place, when prisoners are stuck like pigs, when the crushed bodies drain filthily in the dust. You may know it In this way. If the step were not being taken, if the stumbling-forward ache were not alive, the bombs would not fall, the throats would not be cut. Fear the time when the bombs stop falling while the bombers live for every bomb is proof that the spirit has not died. And fear the time when the strikes stop while the great owners live for every little beaten strike is proof that the step is being taken. And this you can know-fear the time when Manself will not suffer and die for a concept, for this one quality is the foundation of Manself, and this one quality is man, distinctive in the universe. The Western States nervous under the beginning change. Texas and Oklahoma, Kansas and Arkansas, New Mexico Arizona, California. A single family moved from the land. Pa borrowed money from the bank, and now the bank wants the land. The land company thats the bank when it has land wants tractors, not families on the land. Is a tractor bad? Is the power that turns the long furrows wrong? If tills tractor were ours it would be good not mine, but ours. If our trac- tor turned the long furrows of our land, it would be good, Not my land, but ours. We could love that tractor then as we have loved this land when it was ours. But this tractor does two things it turns the land and turns us off the land. There is little difference between this tractor and a tank. Thgt 20 6 The Grapes of Wrath people are driven, intimidated, hurt by both. We must think ffbout this. One man, one family driven from the land; this rusty car creaking along the highway to the west. I lost my land, a single tractor took my land. I am alone and I am bewildered. And in the night one family camps in a ditch and another family pulls in and the tents come out. The two men squat on their hams and the women and children listen. Here is the node, you who hate change and fear revolution. Keep these two squatting men apart; make them hate, fear, suspect each other. Here is the anlage of the thing you fear. This is the zygote. For here  I lost my land is changed; a cell is split and from its splitting grows the thing you hate We lost our land  The danger is here, for two men are not as lonely and perplexed as one. And from this first we there grows a still more dangerous thing I have a little food plus I have none. If from this problem the sum is We have a little ood, the thing is on its way, the movement has direction. Only a little multiplication now, and this land, this tractor are ours. The two men squatting in a ditch, the little fire, the side- meat stewing in a single pot, the silent, stone-eyed women; behind, the children listening with their souls to words their minds do not understand. The night draws down. The baby has a cold. Here, take this blanket. Its wool. It was my moth- ers blanket-take it for the baby. This is the thing to bomb. This is the beginning from I to we. If you who own the things people must have could under- stand this, you might preserve yourself. If you could sepa- rate causes from results, if you could know that Paine, Marx, Jefferson, Lenin, were results, not causes, you might survive. But that you cannot know. For the quality of owning freezes you forever into I, and cuts vou off forever from the we.'' The Grapes of Wrath 207 The Western States are nervous under the beginning change. Need is the stimulus to concept, concept to action. A half-million people moving over the country; a million more restive, ready to move; ten million more feeling the first nervousness. And tractors turning the multiple furrows in the vacant land. er Fifteen screen door, a long bar, stools, and a foot rail. Near the door three slot machines, showing through glass the wealth in nickels three bars will bring. And beside them, the nickel phonograph with records piled up like pies, ready to swing out to the turntable and play dance music, Ti-pi-ti-pi-tin, Thanks for the Memory, Bing Crosby, Benny Goodman. At one end of the counter a covered case; candy cough drops, caffeine sulphate called Sleepless, No-Doze; candy, cigarettes, razor blades, aspirin, Bromo-Seltzer, Alka-Seltzer. The walls decorated with posters, bathing girls, blondes with big breasts and slender hips and waxen faces, in white bath- ino- suits, and holding a bottle of Coca-Cola and smiling-see The Grapes of Wrath 209 Your Butts. Eat Here and Keep Your Wife for a Pet IITYWYBAD? Down at one end the cooking plates, pots of stew, pota- toes, pot roast, roast beef, gray roast pork waiting to be sliced. Minnie or Susy or Mae, middle-aging behind the counter, hair curled and rouge and powder on a sweating face. Tak- ing orders in a soft low voice, calling them to the cook with a screech like a peacock. iVIopping the counter with circular strokes, polishing the big shining coffee urns. The cook is Joe or Carl or Al, hot in a white coat and apron, beady sweat on white forehead, below the white cooks cap; moody, rarely speaking, looking up for a moment at each new entry, Wiping the griddle, slapping down the hamburger. He re- peats Maes orders gently, scrapes the griddle, -wipes it down with burlap. Moody and silent. Mae is the contact, smiling, irritated, near to outbreak; smiling while her eyes look on past unless for truck drivers. Theres the backbone of the joint. Where the trucks stop, thats where the customers come. Cant fool truck drivers, they know. They bring the custom. They know. Give em a stale cup a coffee an theyre off the joint. Treat em right an they come back. Mae really smiles with all her might at truck drivers. She bridles a little, fixes her back hair so that her breasts will lift with her raised arms, passes the time of day and indicates great things, great times, great jokes. Al never speaks. He is no contact. Sometimes he smiles a little at a joke, but he never laughs. Sometimes he looks up at the viva- ciousness in Maes voice, and then he scrapes the griddle with a spatula, scrapes the grease into an iron trough around the plate. He presses down a hissing hamburger with his spatula. He lays the split buns on the plate to toast and heat. He gatli- 2io The Grapes of Wrath ers up stray onions from the plate and heaps them on the meat and presses them in with the spatula. He puts half the bun on top of the meat, paints the other half with melted butter, with thin pickle relish. Holding the bun on the meat, he slips the spatula under the thin pad of meat, flips it over, lays the buttered half on top, and drops the hamburger on a small plate. Quarter of a dill pickle, two black olives beside the sandwich. A1 skims the plate down the counter like a quoit. And he scrapes his griddle with the spatula and looks moodily at the stew kettle. Cars whisking by on 66. License plates. Mass., Team, R.L, N.Y., Vt., Ohio. Going west. Fine cars, cruising at sixty-five. . There goes one of them Cords. Looks like a coffin on wheels. But, Jesus, how they travel! See that La Salle? Me for that. I ain't a hog. I go for a La Salle. F ya goin big, whats a matter with a Cad? Jus a little, bigger, little faster. Fd take a Zephyr myself. You aint ridin no fortune, but you got class an speed. Give me a Zephyr. Well, sir, you may get a laugh outa this Ill take a Buick- Puick. Thats good enough. But, hell, that costs in the Zephyr class an it aint got the sap. I don care. I don want nothin to do with nothing of Henry Fords. I don like im. Never did. Got a brother worked in the plant. Oughta hear him tell. ' Well, a Zephyr got sap. ' The big cars on the highway. Languid, heat-raddled ladies, small nucleuses about whom revolve a thousand accouter- The Grapes of Wrath 2 1 1 Clients; creams, ointments to grease themselves, coloring mat- ter in phials black, pink, red, white, green, silver to change the color of, hair, eyes, lips, nails, brows, lashes, lids. Oils, seeds, and pills to make the bowels move. A bag of bottles, syringes, phis, powders, fluids, Jellies, to make their sexual intercourse safe, odorless, and unproductive. And this apart from clothes. Wliat a hell of a nuisance! Lines of weariness around the eyes, lines of discontent down from the mouth, breasts lying heavily in little ham- mocks, stomach and thighs straining against cases of rubber. And the mouths panting, the eyes sullen, disliking sun and wind and earth, resenting food and weariness, hating time that rarely makes them beautiful and always makes them old. Beside them, little pot-bellied men in light suits and pan- ama hats; clean, pink men with puzzled, worried eyes, with restless eyes. Worried because formulas do not w r ork out; hungry for security and yet sensing its disappearance from the earth. In their lapels the insignia of lodges and service clubs, places where they can go and, by a weight of numbers of little worried men, reassure themselves that business is noble and not the curious ritualized thievery they know it is; that business men are intelligent in spite of the records of their stupidity; that they are kind and charitable in spite of the principles of sound business; that their lives are rich in- stead of the thin tiresome routines they know; and that a time is coming when they will not be afraid any more. And these two, going to California; going to sit in the lobby of the Beverly- Wilshire Hotel and watch people they envy go by, to look at mountains mountains, mind you, and great trees he with his worried eyes and she thinking how the sun will dry her skin. Going to look at the Pacific Ocean, and Ill bet a hundred thousand dollars to nothing at all, he 2i2 The Grapes of Wrath will say, It isnt as big as I thought it would be. And she will envy plump young bodies on the beach. Going to California really to go home again. To say, So-and-So was at the table next to us at the Trocadero. Shes really a mess, but she does wear nice clothes. And he, I talked' to good sound business men out there. They dont see a chance till we get rid of that fellow In the White House. And, I got It from a man in the know she has syphilis, you know. She was in that Warner picture. Man said shes slept her way into pictures 0 Well, she got what she was looking for. But the worried eyes are never calm, and the pouting mouth is never glad. The big car cruising along at sixty. I want a cold drink. Well, theres something up ahead. Want to stop? Do you think it would be clean? Clean as youre going to find in this God-forsaken country. Well, maybe the bottled soda will be all right. The great car squeals and pulls to a stop. The fat worried man helps his wife out. Mae looks at and past them as they enter. A1 looks up from his griddle, and down again. Mae knows. Theyll drink a five-cent soda and crab that it aint cold enough. The woman will use six paper napkins and drop them on the floor. The man will choke and try to put the blame on Mae. The woman will sniff as though she smelled rotting meat and they will go out again and tell forever afterward that the people In the West are sullen. And Mae, when she is alone with Al, has a name for them. She calls them shitheels. Truck drivers. Thats the stuff. Heres a big transport cornin. Hope they stop; take away The Grapes of Wrath 2 1 3 tiie taste of them shitheels. When I worked in that hotel in Albuqueique, Al, the way they steal ever 7 darn thing. An the bigger the car they got, the more they steal towels, silver, soap dishes. I cant flgger it. And Al, moiosely, Where ya think thej, get them big cars and stuff? Born with em? You wont never have nothin. The transport truck, a driver and relief. How bout stoppin for a cup a Java? I know this dump. Hows the schedule? Oh, were ahead! Pull up, then. Theys a oP war horse in here thats a kick, Good Java, too. The tiuck pulls up. Two men in khaki riding trousers, boots, short packets, and shiny-visored military caps. Screen door slam. Hya, Mae? Well, if it aint Big Bill the Rat! Whend you get back on .this run? Week ago. The other man puts a nickel in the phonograph, watches the disk slip free and the turntable rise up under it. Bing Crosbys voice-golden. Thanks for the memory, of sun- bum at the shore  You might have been a headache, but you never were a bore- And the truck driver sings for Maes ears, you might have been a haddock but you never was a whore Mae laughs. Whos ya frien, Bill? New on this run, aint he? The other puts a nickel in the slot machine, wins foul slugs, and put them back. Walks to the counter. Well, whats it gonna be? 214 The Grapes of Wrath Oh, cup a java. Kinda pie ya got? Banana cream, pineapple cream, chocolate cream an apple. Make it apple. Wait Kind is that big thick one? Mae lifts it out and sniffs it. Banana cream. Cut off a hunk; make it a big hunk. Man at the slot machine says, Two all around. Two it is. Seen any new etchins lately, Bill? Well, heres one. Now, you be careful front of a lady. Oh, this aint bad. Little kid comes in late ta school. Teacher says, Why ya late? Kid says, Had a take a heifer down get ? er bred. Teacher says, Couldnt your oF man do it? Kid says, Sure he could, but not as good as the bull. Mae squeaks with laughter, harsh screeching laughter. Ah slicing onions carefully on a board, looks up and smiles, and then looks down again. Truck drivers, thats the stuff. Gonna leave a quarter each for Mae. Fifteen cents for pie an coffee an a dime for Mae. An they aint tryin to make her, neither. Sitting together on the stools, spoons sticking up out of the coffee mugs. Passing the time of day. And Al, rubbing down his griddle, listening but making no comment. Bing Crosbys voice stops. The turntable drops down and the record swings into its place in the pile. The purple light goes off. The nickel, which has caused all this mechanism to work, has caused Crosby to sing and an orchestra to play this nickel drops from between the contact points into the box where the profits go. This nickel, unlike most money, has actually done a job of work, has been physically responsible for a reaction. Steam spurts from the valve of the coffee urn. The com- pressor of the ice machine chugs softly for a time and then The Grapes of Wrath 2 1 5 stops. The electric fan in the corner waves its head slowly back and foith, sweeping the room with a warm breeze. On the highway, on 66, the cars whiz by. They was a Massachusetts car stopped a while ago, said Mae. Big Bill grasped his cup around the top so that the spoon stuck up between his first and second fingers. He drew in a snort of air with the coffee, to cool it. You ought to be out on 66. Cars from all over the country. All headin west. Never seen so many before. Sure some honeys on the road. We seen a wreck this mornin, his companion said. Big cat. Big Cad, a special job and a honey, low, cream-color, special job. Hit a truck. Folded the radiator right back into the driver. Must a been doin ninety. Steerin wheel went right on through the guy an lef him a-wigglin like a frog on a hook. Peach of a car. A honey. You can have her for peanuts now. Drivin alone, the guy was. A1 looked up from his work. Hurt the truck?  Oh, Jesus Christ! Wasnt a truck. One of them cut-do wo cars full a stoves an pans an mattresses an kids an chickens. Goin west, you know. This guy come by us doin ninety- r ared up on two wheels just to pass us, an a cars cornin so he cuts in an whangs this here truck. Drove like hes blin' drunk. Jesus, the air was full a bed clothes an chickens an kids. Killed one kid. Never seen such a mess. We pulled up. OF man thats drivin the truck, he jus stans there lookin at that dead kid. Cant get a word out of im. Jus rum-dumb. God Almighty, the road is full a them families goin west. Never seen so many. Gets worse all a time. Wonder where the hell they all come from? Wonder where they all go to, said Mae. Come here for gas sometimes, but they dont hardly never buy nothin else. 2 i 6 The Grapes of Wrath People says they steal We aint got nothin iayin around. They never stole nothin from us. Big Bill, munching his pie, looked up the road through the screened window. Better tie your stuff down. I think you got some of em cornin now. A 1926 Nash sedan pulled wearily off the highway. The back seat was piled nearly to the ceiling with sacks, with pots and pans, and on the very top, right up against the ceil- ing, two boys rode. On the top of the car, a mattress and a folded tent; tent poles tied along the running board. The car pulled up to .the gas pumps. A dark-haired, hatchet-faced man got slowly out. And the two boys slid down from the load and hit the ground. Mae walked around the counter and stood in the door. The man was dressed in gray wool trousers and a blue shirt, dark blue with sweat on the back and under the arms. The boys in overalls and nothing else, ragged patched overalls. Their hair was light, and it stood up evenly all over their heads, for it had been roached. Their faces were streaked with dust. They went directly to the mud puddle under the hose and dug their toes into the mud. The man asked, Can we git some water, maam? A look of annoyance crossed Maes face. Sure, go ahead. She said softly over her shoulder, Ill keep my eye on the hose. She watched while the man slowly unscrewed the radiator cap and ran the hose in. A woman in the car, a flaxen-haired woman, said, See if you cant git it here. The man turned off the hose and screwed on the cap again. The little boys took the hose from him and they upended it and drank thirstily. The man took off his dark, stained hat The Grapes of Wrath 2 1 7 and stood with a curious humility in front of the screen. Could you see your way to sell us a loaf of bread, maam? Mae said, This aint a grocery store. We got bread to make sanwidges. I know, maam. His humility was insistent. We need bread and there aint nothin for quite a piece, they say.  F we sell bread we gonna run out. Maes tone was faltering. Were hungry, the man said. Whynt you buy a sanwidge? We got nice sanwidges, hamburgs. Wed sure admire to do that, maam. But we cant. We got to make a dime do all of us. And he said embarrassedly, We aint got but a little. Mae said, You cant get no loaf a bread for a dime. We only got fifteen-cent loafs. From behind her A1 growled, God Almighty, Mae, give 'em bread. Well run oiit fore the bread truck comes. Run out, then, goddamn it, said Al. And he looked sullenly down at the potato salad he was mixing. Mae shrugged her plump shoulders and looked to the truck drivers to show them what she was up against. She held the screen door open and the man came in, bring- ing a smell of sweat with him. The boys edged in behind him and they went immediately to the candy case and stared in not with craving or with hope or even with desire, but just with a kind of wonder that such things could be. They were alike in size and their faces were alike. One scratched his dusty ankle with the toe nails of his other foot. The other whispered some soft message and then they straightened 2 r 8 The Grapes of Wrath their arms so that their clenched fists in the overall pockets showed through the thin blue cloth. Mae opened a drawer and took out a long waxpaper- wrapped loaf. This here is a fifteen-cent loaf. The man put his hat back on his head. He answered with inflexible humility, Wont you cant you see your way to cutoff ten cents worth?  . A1 said snarlingly, Goddamn it, Mae. Give em the loaf. The man turned toward Al. No, we want ta buy ten cents worth of it. We got it flggered awful close, mister, to get to California. Mae said resignedly, You can have this for ten cents. Thatd be robbin you, maam. Go ahead Al says to take it. She pushed the wax- papered loaf across the counter. The man took a deep leather pouch from his rear pocket, untied the strings, and spread it open. It was heavy with silver and with greasy bills. May soun funny to be so tight, he apologized. We got a thousan miles to go, an we don know if well make it. He dug in the pouch with a forefinger, located a dime, and pinched in for it. When he put it down on the counter he had a penny with it. Fie was about to drop the penny back into the pouch when his eye fell on the boys frozen before the candy counter. He moved slowly down to them. He pointed in the case at big long sticks of striped peppermint. Is them penny candy, maam? Mae moved down and looked in. Which ones? 'There, them stripy ones. The little boys raised their eyes to her face and they stopped breathing; their mouths were partly opened, their half-naked bodies were rigid. Oh them. Well, no thems two for a penny T The Grapes of Wrath 219 Well, gimme two then, maam. He placed the copper cent carefully on the counter. The boys expelled their held breath softly. Mae held the big sticks out. Take em, said the man. They reached timidly, each took a stick, and they held them down at their sides and did not look at them. But they looked at each other, and their mouth corners smiled rigidly with embarrassment. Thank you, maam. The man picked up the bread and went out the door, and the little boys marched stiffly behind him, the red-striped sticks held tightly against their legs. They leaped like chipmunks over the front seat and onto the top of the load, and they burrowed back out of sight like chipmunks. The man got in and started his car, and with a roaring motor and a cloud of blue oily smoke the ancient Nash climbed up on the highway and went on its way to the west. From inside the restaurant the truck drivers and Mae and A1 stared after them. Big' Bill wheeled back. Them wasnt two-for-a-cem candy, he said. Whats that to you? Mae said fiercely. Them was nickel apiece candy, said Bill. We got to get goin, said the other man. Were drop- pin time. They reached in their pockets. Bill put a coin on the counter and the other man looked at it and reached again and put down a coin. They swung around and walked to the door. So long, said Bill. Mae called, Hey! Wait a minute. You got change. You go to hell, said Bill, and the screen door slammed. Mae watched them get into the great truck, watched It 220 The Grapes of Wrath lumber off in low gear, and heard the shift up the whining gears to cruising ratio. Al  she said softly. He looked up from the hamburger he was patting thin and stacking between waxed papers. What ya want?  Look there. She pointed at the coins beside the cups two half-dollars. Al walked near and looked, and then he went back to his work. Truck drivers, Mae said reverently, an after them shitheels. Flies struck the screen with little bumps and droned away. The compressor chugged for a time and then stopped. On 66 the traffic whizzed by, trucks and fine streamlined cars and jalopies; and they went by with a vicious whiz. Mae took down the plates and scraped the pie crusts into a bucket. She found her damp cloth and wiped the counter with circular sweeps. And her eyes were on the highway, where life whizzed by. Al wiped his hands on his apron. He looked at a paper pinned to the wall over the griddle. Three lines of marks in columns on the paper. Al counted the longest line. He walked along the counter to the cash register, rang No Sale, and took out a handful of nickels. What ya doin?  Mae asked. Number threes ready to pay off, said Al. He went to the third slot machine and played his nickels in, and on the fifth spin of the wheels the three bars came up and the jack pot dumped out into the cup. Al gathered up the big hand- ful of coins and went back of the counter. He dropped them in the drawer and slammed the cash register. Then he went back to his place and crossed out the line of dots. Number three gets more playn the others, he said. Maybe I ought The Grapes of Wrath 221 to shift em around, He lifted a lid and stirred the slowly simmering stew. I wonder what theyll do in California? said Mae. Who? Them folks that was just in. Christ knows, said AL Spose theyll get work? How the hell would I know? said AL She stared eastward along the highway. Here comes a transport, double. Wonder if they stop? Hope they do. And as the huge truck came heavily down from the highway and parked, Mae seized her cloth and wiped the whole length of the counter. And she took a few swipes at the gleaming coffee urn too, and turned up the bottle-gas under the urn, AI brought out a handful of little turnips and started to peef them. Maes face was gay when the door opened and the twtf uniformed truck drivers entered. Hi, sister! I wont be a sister to no man, said Mae. They laughed and Mae laughed. Whatll it be, boys? Oh, a cup a Java. What kinda pie ya got? Pineapple cream an banana cream an chocolate cream an apple. Give me apple. No, wait whats that big thick one? Mae picked up the pie and smelled it. Pineapple cream, she said. Well, chop out a hunk a that. The cars whizzed viciously by on 66. Chapter Sixteen J OADS and Wilsons crawled westward as a unit El Reno and Bridgeport, Clinton, Elk City, Sayre, and Texola, Theres the border, and Oklahoma was behind. And this day the cars crawled on and on, through the Panhandle of Texas. Shamrock and Alanreed, Groom and Yarnell. Then went through Amarillo in the evening, drove too long, and camped when it was dusk. They were tired and dusty and hot. Granma had convulsions from the heat, and she was weak when they stopped. That night Ai stole a fence rail and made a ridge pole on the truck, braced at both ends. That night they ate nothing but pan biscuits, cold and hard, held over from breakfast. They flopped down on the mattresses and slept in their clothes. The Wilsons didnt even put up their tent. joads and Wilsons were in flight across the Panhandle, the rolling gray country, lined and cut with old flood scars. They were in flight out of Oklahoma and across Texas. The land turtles crawled through the dust and the sun whipped the earth, and in the evening the heat went out of the sky and the earth sent up a wave of heat from itself. Two days the families were in flight, but on the third the land was too huge for them and they settled into a new tech- nique of living; the highway became their home and move- ment their medium of expression. Little by little they settled into the new life. Ruthie and Winfield first, then AI, then 222 The Grapes of Wrath 223 Connie and Rose of Sharon, and, last, the older ones. The land rolled like great stationary ground swells. Wildorado and Vega and Boise and Glenrio. Thats the end of Texas. New Mexico and the mountains. In the far distance, waved up against the sky, the mountains stood. And the wheels of the cars creaked around, and the engines were hot, and the steam spurted around the radiator caps. They crawled to the Pecos river, and crossed at Santa Rosa. And they went on for twenty miles. A1 Joad drove the touring car, and his mother sat beside him, and Rose of Sharon beside her. Ahead the truck crawled. The hot air folded in waves over the land, and the mountains shivered in the heat. A1 drove listlessly, hunched back in the seat, his hand hooked easily over the cross-bar of die steering wheel; his gray hat, peaked and pulled to an In- credibly cocky shape, was low over one eye; and as he drove, he turned and spat out the side now and then. Ma, beside him, had folded her hands in her lap, had retired into a resistance against weariness. She sat loosely, letting the movement of the car sway her body and her head. She squinted her eyes , ahead at the mountains. Rose of Sharon was braced against the movement of the car, her feet pushed tight against the floor, and her right elbow hooked over the door. And her plump face was tight against the movement, and her head jiggled sharply because her neck muscles were tight. She tried to arch her whole body as a rigid container to preserve her fetus from shock. She turned her head to- ward her mother. Ma, she said. Mas eyes lighted up and she drew her at- tention toward Rose of Sharon. Her eyes went over the tight, tired, plump face, and she smiled. Ma, the girl said, when 224 The Grapes of Wrath we get there, all you gonna pick fruit an klnda live in the country, aint you? Ma smiled a little satirically. We aint there yet, she said We dont know what its like. We got to see. Me an Connie dont want to live in the country no more, the girl said. We got it all planned up what we gonna do. For a moment a little worry came on Mas face. Aint you gonna stay with us with the family? she asked. Well, we talked all about it, me an Connie. Ma, we wanna live in a town. She went on excitedly, Connie gonna get a job in a store or maybe a factry. An hes gonna study at home, maybe radio, so he can git to be a expert an maybe later have his own store. An well go to pitchers whenever. An Connie says Im gonna have a doctor when the babys born; an he says well see how times is, an maybe Ill go to a hospiddle. An well have a car, little car. An after he studies at night, why itll be nice, an he tore a page outa Western Love-Stories, an hes gonna send off for a course, cause it dont cost nothin to send off. Says right on that clipping. I seen it. An, why they even get you a job when you take that course radios, it is nice clean work, and a future. An well live in town an go to pitchers whenever, an well, Im gonna have a lectric iron, an the babyll have all new stuff. Connie says all new stuff white an Well, you seen in the catalogue all the stuff they got for a baby. Maybe right at first while Connies studyin at home it wont be so easy, but well, when the baby comes, maybe hell be all done study- in an well have a place, little bit of a place-. We dont want nothin fancy, but we want it nice for the baby Her face glowed with excitement. An I thought well, I thought The Grapes of Wrath 225 maybe we could all go in town, an when Connie gets his store maybe Al could work for him. Mas eyes, had never left the flushing face. Ma watched the structure grow and followed it. We don want you to go 'way from us, she said. It aint good for folks to break up. Al snorted, Me work for Connie? How about Connie comes a-workin for me? He thinks hes the ony sonof-a bitch can study at night? , Ma suddenly seemed to know it was all a dream. She turned her head forward again and her body relaxed, but the little smile stayed around her eyes. I wonder how Granma feels today, she said. Al grew tense over the wheel A little rattle had developed in the engine. He speeded up and the rattle increased. He re- tarded his spark and listened, and then he speeded up for a moment and listened. The rattle increased to a metallic pounding. Al blew his horn and pulled the car to the side of die road. Ahead the truck pulled up and then backed slowly Three cars raced by, westward, and each one blew its horn and the last driver leaned out and yelled, Where the hell ya think youre stoppin? Tom backed the truck close, and then he got out and walked to the touring car. From the back of the loaded truck heads looked down. Al retarded his spark and listened to his idling motor. Tom asked, Whats a matter, Al? Al speeded the motor. Listen to her. The rattling pound was louder now. Tom listened. Put up your spark an idle, he said. He 226 The Grapes of Wrath Con-rod bearing, aint it? Sounds like it, said Tom. I kep plenty oil in, A1 complained. Well, it jus didn get to her. Driern a bitch monkey now. W ell, there aint nothin to do but tear her out. Look, Ill pull ahead an find a flat place to stop. You come ahead slow. Dont knock the pan out of her. Wilson asked, Is it bad? Purty bad, said Tom, and walked back to the truck and moved slowly ahead. A1 explained, I don know what made her go out. I give her plenty of oil. A1 knew the blame was on him. He felt his failure. Ma said, It aint your fault. You done everthing right. And then she asked a little timidly, Is it terrible bad? Well, its hard to get at, an we got to get a new con-rod or else some babbit in this one. He sighed deeply. I sure am glad Toms here. I never fitted no bearing. Hope to Jesus Tom did. A huge red billboard stood beside the road ahead, and it threw a great oblong shadow. Tom edged the truck off the road and across the shallow roadside ditch, and he pulled up in the shadow. He got out and waited until A1 came up. Now go easy, he called. Take her slow or youll break a spring too. Als face went red with anger. He throttled down his motor. Goddamn it, he yelled, I didnt bum that bearin out! What dya mean, Ill bust a spring too? Tom grinned. Keep all four feet on the groun, he said. I didn mean nothin, jus take her easy over this ditch. A1 grumbled as he inched the touring car down, and up the other side. Dont you go givin nobody no idear I . The Grapes of Wrath 227 burned out that bearin. The engine clattered loudly now. A 1 pulled into the shade and shut down the motor. Tom lifted the hood and braced it. Cant even start on her before she cools off, he said. The family piled down from the cars and clustered about the touring car. Pa asked, How bad? And he squatted on his hams. Tom turned to Al. Ever fitted one? No, said Al, I never. Course I had pans off. Tom said, Well, we got to tear the pan off an get the rod out, an we got to get a new part an hone her an shim her an fit her. Good days 30b. Got to go back to that las place for a part, Santa Rosa. Albuquerques about seventy-five miles on Oh, Jesus, tomorras Sunday! We cant get nothin tomorra. The family stood silently. Ruthie crept close and peered into the open hood, hoping to see the broken part. Tom went on softly, Tomorras Sunday. Monday well get the thing an probly wont get her fitted fore Tuesday. We aint got the tools to make it easy. Gonna be a 30b. The shadow of a buzzard slid across the earth, and the family all looked up at the sailing black bird. Pa said, What Im scairt of is -well run outa money so we cant git there t all. Heres all us earin, an got to buy gas an oil F we run outa money, I don know what we gonna do. Wilson said, Seems like its my fault. This here goddamn wrecks give me trouble right along. You folks been nice to us. Now you jus pack up an get along. Me an Sairyll stay, an well figger some way. We dont aim to put you folks out none. Pa said slowly, We aint a-gonna do it. We got almost a kin bond. Grampa, he died in your tent. Sairy said tiredly, We been nothin but trouble, nothin 4 but trouble. 228 The Grapes of Wrath Tom slowly made a cigarette, and inspected it ana lighted it. He took off his ruined cap and wiped his forehead. I got an idear, he said. Maybe nobody gonna like it, but here she is The nearer to California our folks get, the quicker theys gonna be money rollin in. Now this here carll go twicet as fast as that truck. Now heres my idea. You take out some a that stuff in the truck, an then all you folks but me an the preacher get in an move on. Me an Casyll stop here an fix this here car an then we drive on, day an night, an well catch up, or if we dont meet on the roadyoull be a-workin anyways. An if you break down, why, jus camp longside the road till we come. You cant be no worse off, an if you get through, why, youll be a-workin, and stuffll be easy. Casy can give me a lif with this here car, an well come a- sailin. The gathered family considered it. Uncle John dropped to his hams beside Pa. A1 said, Wont ya need me to give ya a han with that con-rod? You said your own sef you never fixed one. Thats right, A1 agreed. All ya got to have is a strong back. Maybe the preacher don wanta stay. Well whoever I don care, said Tom. Pa scratched the dry earth with his forefinger. I kind a got a notion Toms right, he said. It aint goin ta do no good all of us stayin here. We can get fifty, a hunderd miles on fore dark. Ma said worriedly, How you gonna find us? Well be on the same road, said Tom. Sixty-six right on through. Come to a place name Bakersfiel. Seen it on the map I got. You go straight on there. The Grapes of Wrath 229 Yeah, but when we get to California an spread out side- wavs off this road?  Dont you worry, Tom reassured her. Were gonna find ya. California aint the whole world. Looks like an awful big place on the map, said Ma. Pa appealed for advice. John, you see any reason why not? No, said John. Mr. Wilson, its your car. You got any objections if my boy fixes her an brings her on? I dont see none, said Wilson. Seems like you folks done everything for us awready. Don see why I caint give your boy a han. You can be workin, layin in a little money, if we don ! ketch up with ya, said Tom. An suppose we all jus lay aroun here. There aint no water here, an we cant move this here car. But spose you all git out there an git to work. Why, youd have money, an maybe a house to live in. How about it, Casy? Wanna stay with me an gimme a lif ? I wanna do whats bes for. you folks, said Casy. You took me in, carried me along. Ill do whatever. Well, youll lay on your back an get grease in your face if you stay here, Tom said. Suits me awright. Pa said, Well, if thats the way shes gonna go, we better get a-shovin. We can maybe squeeze in a hunderd miles fore we stop. Ma stepped in front of him. I aint a-gonna go. What you mean, you aint gonna go? You got to go. You got to look after the family. Pa was amazed at the revolt. Ma stepped to the touring car and reached in on the floor 230 The Grapes of Wrath of the back seat. She brought out a jack handle and balanced it in her hand easily. 1 ain't a-gonna go, she said. I tell you, you got to go. We made up our mind.  And now Mas mouth set hard. She said softly, Ony way you gonna get me to go is whup me. She moved the jack handle gently again. An Ill shame you, Pa. I wont take no whuppin, cryin an a-beggin Ill light into you. An you aint so sure you can whup me anyways. An if ya do get me, I swear to God Ill wait till you got your back turned, or youre settin down, an Ill knock you belly-up with a bucket. I swear to Holy Jesus sake ! will. Pa looked helplessly about the group. She sassy, he said. I never seen her so sassy. Ruthie giggled shrilly. The jack handle flicked hungrily back and forth in Mas hand. Come on, said Ma. You made up your mind. Come on an whup me. Jus try it. But I aint a-goin; or if I do, you aint never gonna get no sleep, cause Ill wait an Ill wait, an jus the minute you take sleep in your eyes, Ill slap ya with a stick a stove wood. So goddamn sassy, Pa murmured. An she aint young, neither. The whole group watched the revolt. They watched Pa, waiting for him to break into fury. They watched his lax hands to see the fists form. And Pas anger did not rise, and his hands hung limply at his sides. And in a moment the group knew that Ma had won. And Ma knew it too. Tom said, Ma, whats eatin on you? What ya wanna do this-a-way for? Whats the matterth you anyways? You gone johnrabbit on us? Mas face softened, but her eyes were still fierce. You done this thout thinkin much, Ma said. What we got lef in the worl? Nothin but us. Nothin but the folks. We come The Grapes of Wrath 2 3 1 out an Grampa, he reached for the shovel-shelf right off. An 9 now, right off, you wanna bust up the folks   Tom cried, Ma, we was gonna catch up with ya. We wasnt gonna be gone long. Ma waved the jack handle. Spose we was camped, and you went on by. Spose we got on through, howd we know where to leave the word, an howd you know where to ask? She said, We got a bitter road. Granmas sick. Shes up there on the track a-pawin for a shovel herself. Shes jus tard out. We got a long bitter road ahead. Uncle John said, But we could be makin some money, We could have .a little bit saved up, come time the other folks got there. The eyes of the whole family shifted back to Ma. She was the power. She had taken control. The money wed make wouldnt do no good, she said. All we got is the family unbroke. Like a bunch a cows, when the lobos are ranging, stick all together. I aint scared while were all here, all thats alive, but I aint gonna see us bust up. The Wilsons here is with us, an the preacher is with us. I cant say nothin if they want to go, but Im a-goin cat-wild with this here piece a bar-arn if my own folks busts up. Her tone was cold and final. Tom said soothingly, Ma, we cant all camp here. Aint no water here. Aint even much shade here. Granma, she needs shade. All right, said Ma. Well go along. Well stop first place theys water an shade. An the truckll come back an take you in town to get your part, an itll bring you back. You aint goin walkin along in the sun, an I aint havin you out all alone, so if you get picked up there aint nobody of your folks to hep ya 2 The Grapes of Wrath Tom drew his lips over his teeth and then snapped them open. He spread his hands helplessly and let them flop against ois sides. Pa, he said, if you was to rush her one side -an me the other an then the res pile on, an Granma jump down on top, maybe we can get Ma thout moren two-three of us gets killed with that there jack handle. But if you aint willin to get your head smashed, I guess Mas went an filled her flush. Jesus Christ, one person with their mind made up. can shove a lot of folks aroun! You win, Ma. Put away that jack handle fore you hurt somebody. Ma looked in astonishment at the bar of iron. Her hand trembled. She dropped her weapon on the ground, and Tom, with elaborate care, picked it up and put it back in the car. He said, Pa, you jus got set back on your heels. Al, you drive the folks on an get em camped, an then you bring the truck back here. Me an the preacherll get the pan off. Then, if we can make it, well run in Santa Rosa an try an get a con-rod. Maybe we can, seem its Satdy night. Get jumpin bow so we can go. Lemme have the monkey wrench an pliers outa the truck. He reached under the car and felt the greasy pan. Oh, yeah, lemme have a can, that of bucket, to catch the oil. Got to save that. Al handed over the bucket and Tom set it under the car and loosened the oil cap with a pair of pliers. The black oil flowed down his arm while he unscrewed the cap with his fingers, and then the black stream ran silently into the bucket. Al had loaded the family on the truck by the time the bucket was half full. Tom, his face already smudged with oil, looked out between the wheels. Get back fast! he called. And he was loosening the pan bolts as the truck moved gently across the shallow ditch and crawled away. Tom turned each bolt a single turn, loosening them evenly to spare the gasket. The Grapes of Wrath 233 The preacher knelt beside the wheels. What can I do? Nothin, not right now. Soons the oils out an I get these here bolts loose, yon can hep me drop the pan off. He squirmed away under the car, loosening the bolts with a wrench and turning them out with his fingers. He left the bolts on each end loosely threaded to keep the pan from dropping. Grounds still hot under here, Tom said. And then, Say, Casy, you been awful goddamn quiet the las few days. Why, Jesus! When I first come up with you, you was makin a speech ever half-hour or so. An here you aint said ten words the las couple days. Whats a matter-gettin sour? Casy was stretched out on his stomach, looking under the car. His chin, bristly with sparse whiskers, rested on the back of one hand. His hat was pushed back so that it covered the back of his neck. I done enough talkin when I was a preacher to las the rest a my life, he said. Yeah, but you done some talkin sence, too. Im all worried up, Casy said. I didn even know it when I w r as a-preachin aroun, but I was doin considable tom-cattin aroun. If I aint gonna preach no more, I got to get married. Why, Tommy, Im a-lustin after the flesh. Me.too, said Tom. Say, the day I come outa McAlester I was smokin. I run me down a girl, a hoor girl, like she was a rabbit. I wont tell ya what happened. I wouldn tell no- body what happened. Casy laughed. I know what happened. I went a-fastin' into the wilderness one time, an when I come out the same damn thing happened to me. Hell it did! said Tom. Well, I saved my money any- way, an I give that girl a run. Thought I was nuts. I should a paid her, but I ony got five bucks to my name. She said she 234 The Grapes of Wrath dicin want no money. Here, roll in under here an grab a-holt. Ill tap her loose. Then you turn out that bolt an I turn out my end, an we let her down easy. Careful that gasket. See, she comes off in one piece. Theys ony four cylinders to these here or Dodges. I took one down one time. Got main bearings big as a cantaloupe. Now let her down- hold it. Reach up an pull down that gasket where its stuck easy now. There! The greasy pan lay on the ground be- tween them, and a little oil still lay in the wells. Tom reached into one of the front wells and picked out some broken pieces of babbitt. There she is, he said. He turned the bab- bitt in his fingers. Shafts up. Look in back an get the crank. Turn her over till I tell you. Casy got to his feet and found the crank and fitted it. Ready? Reach-now easy little more little more right there. Casy kneeled down and looked under again. Tom rattled the connecting-rod bearing against the shaft. There she is. What ya spose done it? Casy asked. Oh, hell, I don know! This buggy been on the road thir- teen years. Says sixty-thousand miles on the speedometer. That means a hunderd an sixty, an God knows how many times they turned the numbers back. Gets hot maybe some- body let the oil get low jus went out. He pulled the cotter-pins and put his wrench on a bearing bolt. He strained and the wrench slipped. A long gash appeared on the back of his hand. Tom looked at it the blood flowed evenly from the wound and met the oil and dripped into the pan. Thats too bad, Casy said. Want I should do that an pou wrap up your han? Hell, no! I never fixed no car in my life thout cuttin my- The Grapes of Wrath 235 seif. Now its done I dont have to worry no more. He fitted the wrench again. Wisht I had a crescent wrench, he said, and he hammered the wrench with the butt of his hand until the bolts loosened. He took them out and laid them with the pan bolts in the pan, and the cotter-pins with them. He loosened the bearing bolts and pulled out the piston. He put piston and connecting-rod in the pan. There, by God! He squirmed free from under the car and pulled the pan out with him. He wiped his hand on a piece of gunny sacking and inspected the cut. Bleedin like a son-of-a-bitch, he said. Well, I can stop that. He urinated on the ground, picked up a handful of the resulting mud, and plastered it over the wound. Only for a moment did the blood ooze out, and then it stopped. Bes damn thing in the worl to stop bleedin, he said. Hanful a spider webll do it too, said Cas y. I know, but there ain t no spider web, an you can always get piss. Tom sat on the running board and inspected the broken bearing. Now if we can ony find a 25 Dodge an get a used con-rod an some shims, maybe well make her all right. A1 must a gone a hell of a long ways. The shadow of the billboard was sixty feet out by now. The afternoon lengthened away. Casy sat down on the run- ning board and looked westward. We gonna be in high mountains pretty soon, he said, and he was silent for a few moments. Then, Tom! Yeah? Tom, I been watchin the cars on the road, them we passed an them that passed us. I been keepin track. Track a what? Tom, theys hunderds a families like us all a-goin west. 1 236 The Grapes of Wrath watched. There aint none of em goin east-hunderds of em. Did you notice that? Yeah, I noticed. Why its like its like they was runnin away from soldiers. Its like a whole country is movin. Yeah, Tom said. They is a whole country movin. Were movin too.  Well spose all these here folks an everbody-spose they cant get no jobs out there? Goddamn it! Tom cried. Mowd I know? Im jus puttin one foot in front a the other. I done it at Mac for four years, jus marchin in cell an out cell an in mess an out mess. Jesus Christ, I thought itd be somepin different when I come out! Couldnt think a nothin in there, else you go stir happy, an now cant think a nothin. He turned on Casy. This here bearing went out. We didn know it was goin, so we didn worry none. Now r shes out an well fix her. An by Christ that goes for the rest of it! I aint gonna worry. I cant do it. This here little piece of iron an babbitt. See it? Ya see it? Well, thats the only goddamn thing in the world I got on my mind. I wonder where the hell A1 is. Casy said, Now look, Tom. Oh, what the hell! So god- damn hard to say anything. Tom lifted the mud pack from his hand and threw it on the ground. The edge of the wound was lined with dirt. He glanced over to the preacher. Youre fixin to make a speech, Tom said. Well, go ahead. I like speeches. Warden used to make speeches all the time. Didnt do us no harm an he got a hell of a bang out of it. What you tryin to roll out?  Casy picked the backs of his long knotty fingers. Theys stuff goin on and theys folks doin things. Them people The Grapes of Wrath 237 layin one, foot down in front of the other, like yon says, they aint thinkin where theyre goin, like you says-but theyre all layin em down the same direction, jus the same. An if ya listen, youll hear a movin, an a sneakin, an a rustlin, an-an a reslessness. Theys stuff goin on that the folks doin it dont know nothin about yet. Theys gonna come somepin outa all these folks goin wes outa ail theii farms lef lonely. Theys gonna come a thing thats gonna change the whole country. Tom said, I'm still layin my dogs down one at a time. u Yeah, but when a fence comes up at ya, ya gonna climb that fence. a l climb fences when I got fences to climb, said Tom. Casy sighed. Its the bes way, I gotta agree. But theys different kinda fences. Theys folks like me that climbs fences that aint even Strang up yet an cant hep it. Aint that Al a-comin? Tom asked. Yeah. Looks like. Tom stood up and wrapped the connecting-rod and both halves of the bearing in the piece of sack. Wanta make sure I get the same, he said. The truck pulled alongside the road and Al leaned out the window. Tom said, You was a hell of a long time. How fard you go? Al sighed. Got the rod out?  Yeah. Tom held up the sack. Babbitt jus broke down.' Well, it wasnt n fault of mine, said AL No. Whered you take the folks? We had a mess, Al said. Granma got to bellerin, an that set Rosasham off an she bellered some. Got her head 2 j 8 The Grapes of Wrath under a mattress an beliered. But Granina, she was just layin back her jaw an bayin like a moonlight houn dog. Seems like Granma aint got no sense no more. Like a little baby. Don speak to nobody, don seem to reconize nobody. Jus talks on like shes talkin to Grampa. Whered ya leave em?  Tom insisted. Well, we come to a camp. Got shade an got water in pipes. Costs half a dollar a day to stay there. But everbodys bo goddamn tired an wore out an misable, they stayed there. Ma says they got to cause Granmas so tired an wore out. Got Wilsons tent up an got our tarp for a tent. I think Granma gone nuts. Tom looked toward the lowering sun. Casy, he said, somebody got to stay with this car or shell get stripped. ou jus as soon? Sure. Ill stay. A1 took a paper bag from the seat. This heres some bread m meat Ma sent, an I got a jug a water here. _ She dont forget nobody, said Casy. Tom got in beside Al. Look, he said. Well get back jus as soons we can. But we cant tell how long. Ill be here. Awright. Dont make no speeches to yourself. Get goin, Al. The truck moved off in the late afternoon. Hes a nice fella, Tom said. He thinks about stuff all the time. Well, hell if you been a preacher, I guess you got to. Pas all mad about it costs fifty cents jus to camp under a tree. He cant see that noways. Settirf a-cussin. Says nex rhing theyll sell ya a little tank a air. But Ma says they gotta be near shade an water cause a Granma. The truck rattled along the highway, and now that it was unloaded, every part The Grapes of Wrath 239 of it rattled and clashed. The side-board of the bed, the cut body. It rode hard and light. A1 put it up to thirty-eight miles an hour and the engine clattered heavily and a blue smoke of burning oil drifted up through the floor boards. Cut her down some, Tom said. You gonna burn her right down, to the hub caps. Whats eatin on Granina? I dont know. Member the las couple days shes been airy-nary, sayin nothin to nobody? Well, shes yellin ah- talkin plenty now, ony shes talkin to Grampa. Yellin at him. Kinda scary, too. You can almos see im a-settin there grinnin at her the way he always done, a-fingerin hisself an grinnin. Seems like she sees him a-settin there, too. Shes jus' givin him hell. Say, Pa, he give me twenty dollars to hand you. He don know how much you gonna need. Ever see Ma stand up to im like she done today? Not I remember. I sure did pick a nice time to get paroled. I figgered I was gonna lay aroun an get up late an 1 eat a lot when I come home. I was goin out an dance, an 1 was gonna go tom-cattin an here I aint had time to do none of them things. A1 said, I forgot. Ma give me a lot a stuff to tell you. She says dont drink nothin, an don get in no arguments, an dont fight nobody. Cause she says shes scairt youll get sent back. She got plenty to get worked up about thout me givin her no trouble, said Tom. Well, we could get a couple beers, cant we? Fm jus a-ravin for a beer. I dunno, said Tom. Pad crap a litter of lizards if we buy beers. Well, look, Tom. I got six dollars. You an me could get 240 The Grapes of Wrath couple pints an go down the line. Nobody dont know I got that six bucks. Christ, we could have a hell of a time for our- selves. Keep ya jack, Tom said. When we get out to the coast you an mell take her an well raise hell. Maybe when were workin- He turned in the seat. I didn think you was a fella to go down the line. I figgered you was talkin em out of it. Well, hell, I dont know nobody here. If Im gonna ride aroun much, Im gonna get married. Im gonna have me a hell of a time when we get to California. Hope so, said Tom. You aint sure a nothin no more. No, I aint sure a nothin. When ya killed that fella-did-did ya ever dream about it or anything? Did it worry ya? No. Well, didn ya never think about it? Sure. I was sorry cause he was dead. . Ya didnt take no blame to yourself? No. I done my time, an I done my own time.  Was it awful bad there?  Tom said nervously, Look, Al. I done my time, an now ,ts done. I don wanna do it over an over. Theres the river up ahead, an theres the town. Lets jus try an get a con-rod an the hell with the res of it. Mas awful partial to you, said Al. She mourned when you was gone. Done it all to herself. Kinda cryin down in- side of her throat. We could tell what she was thinkin about, though. Tom pulled his cap down low over his eyes. Now look here, Al. Spose we talk bout some other stuff. 245 The Grapes of Wrath I was jus tellin ya what Ma done. I know -I know. But I ruther not. I rather jus -lay one foot down in front a the other. AI relapsed into an Insulted silence, 1 was jus try in to tell ya, he said, after a moment. Tom looked at him, and Al kept his eyes straight ahead. The lightened truck bounced noisily along. Toms long lips drew up from his teeth and lie laughed softly. I know you was, AL Maybe Fm kinda stir-nuts. Ill tell ya about it some- time maybe. Ya see, its jus somepin you wanta know. Kinda interestin. But I got a kind a funny idear the bes thingd be if I forget about it for a while. Maybe in a little while it wont be that way. Right now when I think about it my guts gets all droopy an nasty feelin. Look here, Al, Ill tell ya one thing the jail house is jus a kind a way a drivin a guy slowly nuts. See? An they go nuts, an you see em an heal em, an pretty soon you don know if youre nuts or not When they get to screamin in the night sometimes you think its you doin the screamin an sometimes it is. Al said, Oh! I wont talk about it no more, Tom. Thirty days is all right, Tom said. An a hunderd an eighty days is all right. But over a year I dunno. Theres somepin about it that aint like nothin else in the worF. Somepin screwy about it, somepin screwy about the whole idea a lockin people up. Oh, the hell with it! I don wanna talk about it. Look a the sun a-flashin on them windas. The truck drove to the service-station belt, and there on the right-hand side of the road was a wrecking yard an acre lot surrounded by a high barbed-wire fence, a corrugated iron shed in front with used tires piled up by the doors, and price-marked. Behind the shed there was a little shack built of scrap, scrap lumber and pieces of tin. The windows were 242 The Grapes of Wrath windshields built into the walls. In the grassy lot the wrecks lay, cars with twisted, stove-in noses, wounded cats lying on their sides with the wheels gone. Engines rusting on the ground and against the shed. A great pile of junk; fenders and track sides, wheels and axles; over the whole lot a spirit of decay, of mold and rust; twisted iron, half-gutted engines, a mass of derelicts. Ai drove the truck up on the oily ground in front of the shed. Tom got out and looked into the dark doorway. Dont see nobody he said, and he called, 'Anybody here? "Jesus, I hope they got a 25 Dodge. Behind the shed a door banged. A specter of a man came through the dark shed. Thin, dirty, oily skin tight against stringy muscles. One eye was gone, and the raw, uncovered socket squirmed with eye muscles when his good eye moved. His jeans and shirt were thick and shiny with old grease, and his hands cracked and lined and cut. His heavy, pouting underlip hung out sullenly. Tom asked, "You the boss? The one eye glared. "I work for the boss, he said sullenly. "Whatcha want? "Got a wrecked 25 Dodge? We need a con-rod. "I dont know. If the boss was here he could tell ya but he aint here. Hes went home. Can we look an see?  The man blew his nose into the palm of his hand and wiped his hand on his trousers. "You from 'hereabouts? "Come from eastgoin west. "Look aroun then. Burn the goddamn place down, for all I care. "Looks like you dont love your boss none. The man shambled close, his one eye flaring. "I hate im, The Grapes of Wrath 243 he said softly. I hate the son-of-a-bitch! Gone home now. Gone home to his house. The words fell stumbling out. He got a way-he got a way a-pickin a fella an a-tearin a fella, rle the son-of-a-bitch. Got a girl nineteen, purty. Says to me. How d ya like ta marry her? Says that right to me. An 5 tonight says, Theys a dance; howd ya like to go? Me, he says it to me! Tears formed in his eyes and tears dripped from the corner of the red eye socket. Some day, by God- some day I m gonna have a pipe wrench in my pocket. When he says them things he looks at my eye. An Fm gonna, Im gonna jus take his head right down off his neck with thaf wrench, little piece at a time.' He panted with his fury. Little piece at a time, right down offn his neck. The sun disappeared behind the mountains. A 1 looked into the lot at the wrecked cars. Over there, look, Tom! That there looks like a 25 or 26. Tom turned to the one-eyed man. Mind if we look? Hell, no! Take any goddamn thing you want. They walked, threading their way among the dead auto- mobiles, to a rusting sedan, resting on flat tires. Sure it s a 25, A 1 cried. Can we yank off the pan, mister? Tom kneeled down and looked under the car. Pans off awready. One rods been took. Looks like one gone. He wriggled under the car. Get a crank an turn her over, Al. He worked the rod against the shaft. Purty much froze with grease. AI turned the crank slowly. Easy, Tom  called. He picked a splinter of wood from the ground and scraped the cake of grease from the bearing and the bearing bolts. 44 The Grapes of Wrath Well, how is she for wore? Got plenty shim. Aint been all took up. Yeah, shes O.K. Turn her over easy now. Get her down, easy there! Run over the truck an get some tools. The one-eyed man said, Ill get you a box a tools. He shuffled off among the rusty cars and in a moment he came back with a tin box of tools. Tom dug out a socket wrench and handed it to Al. You take her off. Don lose no shims an don let the bolts get away, an keep track a the cotter-pins. Hurry up. The lights gettin dim. Al crawled under the car. We oughta get us a set a socket wrenches, he called. Cant get in no place with a monkey wrench. Yell out if you want a hand, Tom said. The one-eyed man stood helplessly by. Ill help ya if ya want, he said. Know what that son-of-a-bitch done? He come by an he got on white pants. An he says, Come on, les go out to my yacht. By God, Ill whang him some day! He breathed heavily. I aint been out with a woman sence I l os my eye. An he says stuff like that. And big tears cut channels in the dirt beside his nose. Tom said impatiently, Whynt you roll on? Got no guards to keep ya here. Yeah, thats easy to say. Aint so easy to get a job not for a one-eye man. Tom turned on him. Now look-a-here, fella. You got that eye wide open. An ya dirty, ya stink. Ya jus askin for it. Ya like it. Lets ya feel sorry for yaself. Course ya cant get no woman with that empty eye flappin aroun. Put somepin over it an wash ya face. You aint hittin nobody with no pipe wrench. The Grapes of Wrath 245 I tell ya, a one-eye fella got a hard row, the man said. Can t see stuff the way other fellas can. Cant see how far off a thing is. Everthings jus flat. Tom said, Ya full a crap. Why, I knowed a one-legged whore one time. Think she was takin two-bits in a alley? No, by God! Shes gettin half a dollar extra. She says, How many one-legged women you slep with? None! she says. O.K., she says. You got somepin pretty special here, an its gonna cos ya half a buck ex try. An by God, she was get- tin em, too, an the fellas cornin out thinkin theyre pretty lucky. She says shes good luck. An 1 knowed a hump-back in in a place I was. Make his whole livin lettin folks rub his hump for luck. Jesus Christ, an all you got is one eye gone. The man said stumblingly, Well, Jesus, ya see somebody edge away from ya, an it gets into ya. Cover it up then, goddamn it. Ya stickin it out like a cows ass. Ya like to feel sorry for yaself. There aint nothin the matter with you. Buy yaself some white pants. Ya gettin drunk an cryin in ya bed, I bet. Need any help, Al? No, said Al. I got this here bearin loose. Jus tryin t work the piston dow r n. Don bang yaself, said Tom. ' '  The one-eyed man said softly, Think-somebodyd like -me? Why, sure, said Tom. Tell em ya dongs growed sencc you los your eye. Where at you fellas goinr California. Whole family. Gonna get work out there. Well, ya think a fella like me could get work? Black patch on my eye? Why not? You aint no cripple. Well could 1 catch a ride with you fellas? 2 46 The Grapes of Wrath Christ, no. Were so goddamn full now we cant move. You get out some other way. Fix up one a these here wrecks an go out by yaself. Maybe I will, by God, said the one-eyed man. There was a clash of metal. I got her, A1 called. Well, bring her out, lets look at her. A1 handed him the piston and connecting-rod and the lower half of the bearing. Tom wiped the babbitt surface and sighted along it side- ways. Looks O.K. to me, he said. Say, by God, if we had a light we could get this here in tonight. Say, Tom, A1 said, I been thinkin. We got no ring clamps. Gonna be a job gettin them rings in, specially under- neath. Tom said, Ya know, a fella tof me one time ya wrap some fine brass wire aroun the ring to hoi her. Yeah, but how ya gonna get the wire off? Ya dont get her off. She melts off an dont hurt nothin. Copper wired be better. It aint strong enough, said Tom. He turned to the one- eyed man. Got any fine brass wire? I dunno. I think theys a spool somewheres. Where dya think a fella could get one a them patches one-eye fellas wear? I don know, said Tom. Les see if you can fin that wire. In the iron shed they dug through boxes until they found the spool. Tom set the rod in a vise and carefully wrapped the wire around the piston rings, forcing them deep into their slots, and where the wire was twisted he hammered it flat; and then he turned the piston and tapped the wire all around until it cleared the piston wall. He ran his finger up and down to make sure that the rings and wire were flush The Grapes of Wrath 247 with the wall. It was getting dark in the shed. The one-eyec man brought a flashlight and shone its beam on the work. There she is! said Tom. Say whatll ya take for that light? Well, it aint much good. Got fifteen cents a new bat- teries. You can have her for oh, thirty-five cents. O.K. An what we owe ya' for this here con-rod an piston? The one-eyed man rubbed his forehead with a knuckle, and a line of dirt peeled off. Well, sir, I jus dunno. If the boss was here, hed go to a parts book an hed find out how r much is a new one, an while you was working hed be findin out how bad youre hung up, an how much jack ya got, an' then hed well, say its eight bucks in the part book hed make a price a five bucks. An if you put up a squawk, youd get it for three. You say its all me, but, by God, hes a son-of- a-bitch. Figgers how bad ya need it. I seen him git more for a ring gear than he give for the whole car. Yeah! But how much am I gonna give you lo.r this here?  Bout a buck, I guess. Awright, an Ill give ya a quarter for this here socket wrench. Make it twice as easy. He handed over the silver. Thank ya. An cover up that goddamn eye. Tom and A1 got into the truck. It was deep dark. Ai started the motor and turned on the lights. So long, Tom called. See ya maybe in California. They turned across the highway and started back. The one-eyed man watched them go, and then he went through the iron shed to his shack behind. It was dark inside. He felt his way to the mattress on the floor, and he stretched out and cried in his bed, and the cars whizzing by on the highway only strengthened the walls of his loneliness. , 4 8 The Grapes of Wrath Tom said, If youd tol me wed get this here thing an get her in tonight, Id a said you was nuts. Well get her in awright, said Al. You got to do her, though. Id be scared Id get her too tight an shed bum out, or too loose an shed hammer out. Ill stick her in, said Tom. If she goes out again, she goes out. I got nothin to lose. Al peered into the dusk. The lights made no impression on the gloom; but ahead, the eyes of a hunting cat flashed green in reflection of the lights. You sure give that fella hell, Al said. Sure did tell him where to lay down his dogs. Well, goddamn it, he was askin for it! Jus a pattin his- self cause he got one eye, puttin all the blame on his eye. Hes a lazy, dirty son-of-a-bitch. Maybe he can snap out of it if he knowed people was wise to him. Al said, Tom, it wasnt nothin I done burned out that bearin. Tom was silent for a moment, then, Im gonna take a fall outa you, Al. You jus scrabblin ass over tit, fear somebody gonna pin some blame on you. I know whats a matter. Young fella, all full a piss an vinegar. Wanta be a hell of a guy all the time. But, goddamn it, Al, don keep ya guard up when nobody aint sparrin with ya. You gonna be all right. Al did not answer him. He looked straight ahead. The truck rattled and banged over the road. A cat whipped out from the side of the road and Al swerved to hit it, but the wheels missed and the cat leaped into the grass. Nearly got him, said Al. Say, Tom. You heard Connie talkin how hes gonna study nights? I been thinkin maybe Id study nights too. You know, radio or television or Diesel engines. Fella might get started that-a-way. Might, said Tom. Find out how much they gonna sock The Grapes of Wrath 249 ya for the lessons, first. An figger out if youre gonna study "'em. There was fellas talcin them mail lessons in McAlester. I never lcnowed one of em that finished up. Got sick of it an left em slide. God Awmighty, we forgot to get somepin to eat. Well, Ma sent down plenty; preacher couldn eat it all. JBe some lef. I wonder how long itll take us to get to Cali- fornia. Christ, I don know. Jus plug away at her. They fell into silence, and the dark came and the stars were sharp and white. Casy got out of the back seat of the Dodge and strolled to the side of the road when the truck pulled up. I never ex- pected you so soon, he said. Tom gathered the parts in the piece of sacking on the floor. We was lucky, he said. Got a flashlight, too. Gonna fix her right up. You forgot to take your dinner, said Casy. Ill get it when I finish. Here, Al, pull off the road a little more an come hoi the light for me. He went directly to the Dodge and crawled under on his back. Al crawled under on his belly and directed the beam of the flashlight. Not in my eyes. There, put her up. Tom worked the piston up into the cylinder, twisting and turning. The brass wire caught a little on the cylinder wall. With a quick push he forced it past the rings. Lucky shes loose or the compressiond stop her. I think shes gonna work all right. Hope that wire dont clog the rings, said Al. Well, thats why I hammered her flat. She wont roll off. I think shell jus melt out an maybe give the walls a brass 250 The Grapes of Wrath Think she might score the walls? Tom laughed. Jesus Christ, them walls can take it. Shes drinkin oil like a gopher hole awready. Little more aint gonna hurt none. He worked the rod down over the shaft and tested the lower half. Shell take some shim. He said, Casy! Yeah. Im mkin  up this here bearing now. Get out to that crank an turn her over slow when I tell ya. He tightened the bolts. Now. Over slow! And as the angular shaft turned, he worked the bearing against it. Too much shim, Tom said. Hold it, Casy. He took out the bolts and removed thin shims from each side and put the bolts back. Try her again, Casy! And he worked the rod again. Shes a lit-tle bit loose yet. Wonder if shed be too tight if I took out more shim. Ill try her. Again he removed the bolts and took out another pair of the thin strips. Now try her, Casy. That looks good, said Al. Tom called, She any harder to turn, Casy? No, I dont think so. Well, I think shes snug here. I hope to God she is. Cant hone no babbitt without tools. This here socket wrench makes her a hell of a lot easier. Al said, Boss a that yard gonna be purty mad when he ooks for that size socket an she aint there. Thats his screwin, said Tom. We didn steal her. He tapped the cotter-pins in and bent the ends out. I think thats good. Look, Casy, you hold the light while me an Al get this here pan up. Casy knelt down and took the flashlight. He kept the beam on the working hands as they patted the gasket gently in The Grapes of Wrath 251 place and lined the holes with the pan bolts. The two men strained at the weight of the pan, caught the end bolts, and then set in the others; and when they were all engaged, Tom took them up little by little until the pan settled evenly in against the gasket, and he tightened hard against the nuts. U I guess thats her, Tom said. He tightened the oil tap, looked carefully up at the pan, and took the light and searched the ground. There she is. Les get the oil back in her. They crawled out and poured the bucket of oil back in the crank case. Tom inspected the gasket for leaks. O.K., AL Turn her over, he said. A1 got into the car and stepped on the starter. The motor caught with a roar. Blue smoke poured from the exhaust pipe. Throttle down! Tom shouted. Shell burn oil till that wire goes. Gettin thinner now. And as the motor turned over, he listened carefully. Put up the spark an let her idle. He listened again. O.K., AL Turn her off. I think we done her. Wheres that meat now? You make a darn good mechanic, A1 said. Why not? I worked in the shop a year. Well take her good an slow for a couple hunderd miles. Give her a chance to work in. They wiped their grease-covered hands on bunches of weeds and finally rubbed them on their trousers. They fell hungrily on the boiled pork and swigged the water from the bottle. I like to starved, said AL What we gonna do now, go on to the camp? I dunno, said Tom. Maybe theyd charge us a extry half-buck. Les go on an talk to the folks tell em were slowly, keeping the engine at a low speed, and Al followed in the track. He crossed the shallow ditch, crawling in low gear. Tom said, These here Dodges can pull a house in low gear. She's sure ratiod down. Good thing for us I wanta break that bearin in easy. On the highway the Dodge moved along slowly. The 12- volt headlights threw a short blob of yellowish light on the pavement. Casy turned to Tom. Funny how you fellas can fix a car. Jus 5 light right in an fix her. I couldnt fix no car, not even now when I seen you do it. Got to grow into her when youre a little kid, Tom said It aint jus knowin. Its moren that. Kids now can tear down a car thout even thinkin about it. A jackrabbit got caught in the lights and he bounced along ahead, cruising easily, his great ears flopping with every jump. Now and then he tried to break off the road, but the wall of darkness thrust him back. Far ahead bright headlights appeared and bore down on them. The rabbit hesitated, fal- tered, then turned and bolted toward the lesser lights of the Dodge, There was a small soft jolt as he went under the wheels. The oncoming car swished by. We sure squashed him, said Casy. Tom said, Some fellas like to hit em. Gives me a little 252 The Grapes of Wrath fixed. Then if they wanta sock us extry well move on. The folksll wanta know. Jesus, Fm glad Ma stopped us this after- noon. Look around with the light, AL See we dont leave nothin. Get that socket wrench in. We may need her again. Al searched the ground with the flashlight. Dont see nothin. All right. Ill drive her. You bring the truck, AL Toni The Grapes of Wrath 253 shakes ever time. Car sounds Q.K. Them rings must a broke loose by now. She aint smokin so bad. You done a nice job, said Casy. A small wooden house dominated the camp ground, and on the porch of the house a gasoline lantern hissed and threw its white glare in a great circle. Half a dozen tents were pitched near the house, and cars stood beside the tents. Cook- ing for the night was over, but the coals of the campfires still glowed on the ground by the camping places. A group of men had gathered to the porch where the lantern burned, and their faces were strong and muscled under the harsh white light, light that threw black shadows of their hats over their foreheads and eyes and made their chins seem to jut out. They sat on the steps, and some stood on the ground, resting their elbows on the porch floor. The proprietor, a sullen lanky man, sat in a chair on the porch. He leaned back against the wall, and he drummed his fingers on his knee. In- side the house a kerosene lamp burned, but its thin light was blasted by the hissing glare of the gasoline lantern. The gathering of men surrounded the proprietor. Tom drove the Dodge to the side of the road and parked. A 1 drove through the gate in the truck. No need to take her. in, Tom said. He got out and walked through the gate to the white glare of the lantern, ; The proprietor dropped his front chair legs to the floor and leaned forward. You men wanta camp here? No, said Tom. We got folks here. Hi, Pa  Pa, seated on the bottom step, said, Thought you was gonna be all week. Get her fixed? We was pig lucky, said Tom. Got a part Tore dark. We can get goin fust thing in the mornink 254 The Grapes of Wrath Thats a pretty nice thing, said Pa. Alas worried. Ya Granmas off her chump. Yeah, A1 toF me. She any better now? Well, anyways shes a-sleepin7 The proprietor said, If you wanta pull in here an camp itll cost you four bits. Get a place to camp an water an wood. An nobody wont bother you. What the hell, said Tom. We can sleep in the ditch right beside the road, an it wont cost nothin. The owner drummed his knee with his fingers. Deputy sheriff comes on by in the night. Alight make it tough, for ya. Got a law against sleepin out in' this State. Got a law about vagrants. If I pay you a half a dollar I aint a vagrant, huh? Thats right. Toms eyes glowed angrily. Deputy sheriff aint your brother- n-law by any chance? The owner leaned forward. No, he aint. An the time aint come yet when us local folks got to take no talk from you goddamn bums, neither. It dont trouble you none to take our four bits. An whend we get to be bums? We aint asked ya for nothin. All of us bums, huh? Well, we aint askin no nickels from you for the chance to lay down an rest. The men on the porch were rigid, motionless, quiet. Ex- pression was gone from their faces; and their eyes, in the shadows under their hats, moved secretly up to the face of the proprietor. Pa growled, Come off it, Tom. Sure, Ill come off it. The circle of men were quiet, sitting on the steps, leaning The Grapes of Wrath 255 on the high porch. Their eyes glittered under the harsh light of the gas lantern. Their faces were hard in the hard light, and they were very still. Only their eyes moved from speaker to speaker, and their faces were expressionless and quiet. A lamp bug slammed into the lantern and broke itself, and fell into the darkness. In one of the tents a child wailed in complaint, and a woman s soft voice soothed it and then broke into a low song, Jesus loves you in the night. Sleep good, sleep good. Jesus watches in the night. Sleep, oh, sleep, oh. The lantern hissed on the porch. The owner scratched in the V of his open shirt, where a tangle of white chest hair showed. He was watchful and ringed with trouble. He watched the men in the circle, watched for some expression. And they made no move. Tom was silent for a long time. His dark eyes looked slowly up at the proprietor. I dont wanta make no trouble, he said. Its a hard thing to be named a bum. I aint afraid, he said softly. Ill go for you an your deputy with my mitts here now, or jump Jesus. But there aint no good in it. The men stirred, changed positions, and their glittering eyes moved slowly upward to the mouth of the proprietor, and their eyes watched for his lips to move. He was reassured. He felt that he had won, but not decisively enough to charge In. Aint you got half a buck? he asked. Yeah, I got it. But Im gonna need it. I cant set it out jus for sleepin. Well, we all got to make a livin. Yeah, Tom said. Ony I wisht they was some way to make her thout takin her away from somebody else. The men shifted again. And Pa said, Well get movin i6 The Grapes of Wrath smart early. Look, mister. We paid. This here feiia is part a our folks. Cant he stay? We paid. Half a dollar a car, said the proprietor. Well, he aint got no car. Cars out in the road. He came in a car, said the proprietor. Everbodyd leave their car out there an come in an use my place for nothin. Tom said, Well drive along the road. Meet ya in the morning. Well watch for ya. A1 can stay an Uncle John can come with us He looked at the proprietor. That a wright with you? He made a quick decision, with a concession in it. If the same number stays that come an paid thats awright. Tom brought out his bag of tobacco, a limp gray rag by now, with a little damp tobacco dust in the bottom of it. He made a lean cigarette and tossed the bag away. Well go along pretty soon, he said. Pa spoke generally to the circle. Its dirt hard for folks to tear up an go. Folks like us that had our place. We aint shif less. Till we got tractored off, we was people with a farm. A young thin man, with eyebrows sunburned yellow, turned his head slowly. Croppin 5 ? he asked. Sure we was sharecroppin. Use ta own the place. The young man faced forward again. Same as us, he said. Lucky for us it aint gonna las long, said Pa. Well get out west an well get work an well get a piece a growin land with water. Near the edge of the porch a ragged man stood. His black coat dripped tom streamers. The knees were gone from his  The Grapes of Wrath 257 dungarees. His face was black with dust, and lined where sweat had washed through. He swung his head toward Pa You folks must have a nice little pot a money. No. we aint got no money, Pa said. But theys plenty of us to work, an were all good men. Get good wages out there an well put em together. Well make out. The ragged man stared while Pa spoke, and then lie laughed, and his laughter turned to a high whinnying giggle The circle of faces turned to him. The giggling got out of control and turned into coughing. His eyes were red and watering when he finally controlled the spasms. You goin out there oh, Christ! The giggling started again. You gain out an get good wages oh, Christ! He stopped and said slyly, Pickin oranges maybe? Gonna pick peaches? Pas tone was dignified. We gonna take what they got. They got lots a stuff to w'ork in. The ragged man giggled under his breath. Tom turned irritably. Whats so goddamn funny about that? The ragged man shut his mouth and looked sullenly at the porch boards. You folks all goin to California, I bet. I toP you that, said Pa. You didn guess nothin. The ragged man said slowly, Me Im cornin back. I been there. The faces turned quickly toward him. The men were rigid. The hiss of the lantern dropped to a sigh and the pro- prietor lowered the front chair legs to the porch, stood up, and pumped the lantern until the hiss was sharp and high again. He wxnt back to his chair, but he did not tilt back again. The ragged man turned toward the faces. Im goin back to starve.. I ruther starve all over at oncet. 2 8 The Grapes of Wrath Pa said, What the hell you talkin about? I got a hanbill says they got good wages, an little while ago I seen a thing in the paper says they need folks to pick fruit. The ragged man turned to Pa. You got any place to go, back home? No, said Pa. Were out. They put a tractor past the house. You wouldn go back then?  'Course not. Then I aint gonna fret you, said the ragged man.  Course you aint gonna fret me. I got a hanbill says they need men. Dont make no sense if they dont need men. Costs money for them bills. They wouldn put em out if they didn need men. I don wanna fret you. Pa said angrily, You done some jackassin. You aint gonna shut up now. My hanbill says they need men. You laugh an say they dont. Now, which ones a liar? The ragged man looked down into Pas angry eyes. He looked sorry. Hanbills right, he said. They need men. Then why the hell you stirrin us up laughin?  Cause you dont know what kind a men they need. What you talkin about? The ragged man reached a decision. Look, he said. How many men they say they want on your hanbill? Eight hunderd, an thats in one little place. Orange color hanbill? Why-yes. Give the name a the fella says so and so, labor con- tractor?   Pa reached in his pocket and brought out the folded han d, bill. Thats right. Howd you know? The Grapes of Wrath 259 Look, said the man. It dont make no sense. This fella wants eight hunderd men. So he prints up five thousand of them things an maybe twenty thousan people sees em. An maybe two-three thousan folks gets movin account a this here hanbill. Folks thats crazy with worry. But it dont make no sense! Pa cried. Not till you see the fella that put out this here bill. Youll see him, or somebody thats workin for him. Youll be a-campin by a ditch, you an fifty other famblies. An hell look in your tent an see if you got anything lef to eat. An if you got nothin, he says, Wanna job? An youll say, I sure do, mister. Ill sure thank you for a chance to do some work. An hell say, I can use you. An youll say, When do I start? An hell tell you where to go, an what time, an then hell go on. Maybe he needs two hunderd men, so he talks to five hunderd, an they tell other folks, an when you get to the place, theys a thousan men. This here fella says, Im payin twenty cents an hour. An maybe half a the men walk off. But theys still five hunderd thats so goddamn hungry theyll work for nothin but biscuits. Well, this here fellas got a contract to pick them peaches or chop that cot- ton. You see now? The more fellas he can get, an the hungrier, less hes gonna pay. An hell get a fella with kids if he can, cause hell, I says I wasnt gonna fret ya. The circle of faces looked coldly at him. The eyes tested his words. The ragged man grew self-conscious. I says I wasnt gonna fret ya, an here Im a-doin it. You gonna go on. You aint goin back. The silence hung on the porch. And the light hissed, and a halo of moths swung around and around the lantern. The ragged man went on nervously, Lemme tell ya what to do when ya meet that fella says he got work. Lemme tell ya. Ast him what hes gonna pay. Ast him to z6o The Grapes of Wrath write down what hes gonna pay. Ast him that. I tell you men youre gonna get fooled if you dont. The proprietor leaned forward in his chair, the better to see the ragged dirty man. He scratched among the gray hairs on his chest. He said coldly, You sure you aint one of these here troublemakers? You sure you aint a labor faker? And the ragged man cried, I swear to God I aint! Theys plenty of em, the proprietor said. Goin aroun stirrin up trouble. Gettin folks mad. Chiselin in. Theys plenty of em. Times gonna come when we string em all up, all them troublemakers. We gonna run em outa the country. Man wants to work, O.K. If he dont-the hell with him. We aint gonna let him stir up trouble. The ragged man drew himself up. I tried to tell you folks, he said. Somepin it took me a year to find out. Took two kids dead, took my wife dead to show me. But I cant tell you. I should of knew that. Nobody couldnt tell me, neither. I cant tell ya about them little fellas lavin in the tent with their bellies puffed out an jus skin on their bones, an shiverin an whinin like pups, an me runnin aroun tryin to get work-not for money, not for wages! he shouted. Jesus Christ, jus for a cup a flour an a spoon a lard. An then the coroner come. Them children died a heart failure, he said. Put it on his paper. Shiverin, they was, an their bellies stuck out like a pig bladder. The circle was quiet, and mouths were open a little. The men breathed shallowly, and watched. The ragged man looked around at the circle, and then he turned and walked quickly away into the darkness. The dark swallowed him, but his dragging footsteps could be heard a long time after he had gone, footsteps along the road; and a car came by on the highway, and its lights showed the The Grapes of Wrath 261 ragged man shuffling along the road, his head hanging down and his hands in the black coat pockets. The men were uneasy. One said, Well gettin late. Got to get to sleep. The proprietor said, Probly shif less. Theys so goddamn many shifless fellas on the road now. And then he was quiet. And he tipped his chair back against the wall again and fingered his throat.  Tom said, Guess Ill go see Ma for a minute, an then well shove along a piece. The Joad men moved away. Pa said, Spose hes tellin the truth that fella? The preacher answered, Hes tellin the truth, awright. The truth for him. He wasnt makin nothin up. How about us? Tom demanded. Is that the truth for us? I don know, said Casy. I don know, said Pa. They walked to the tent, tarpaulin spread over a rope. And it was dark inside, and quiet. When they came near, a grayish mass stirred near the door and arose to person height. Ma came out to meet them. All sleepin, she said, Granma finally dozed off. Then she saw it was Tom. Howd you get here? she demanded anxiously. You aint had no trouble? Got her fixed, said Tom. Were ready to go when the rest is.  Thank the dear God for that, Ma said. Im just a-twit- terin to go on. Wanta get where its rich an green. Wanta get there quick. Pa cleared his throat. Fella was jus sayin   Tom grabbed his arm and yanked it. Funny what he says, Tom said. Says theys lots a folks on the way. 262 The Grapes of Wrath Ma peered through the darkness at them. Inside the tent Ruthie coughed and snorted in her sleep. I washed em up, Ma said. Fust water we got enough of to give em a goin-over. Lef the buckets out for you fellas to wash too. Cant keep nothin clean on the road. Everybody in? Pa asked. All but Connie an Rosasharn. They went off to sleep in the open. Says its too warm in under cover. Pa observed querulously, That Rosasharn is gettin awful scary an mmsy-mimsy. Its her first, said Ma. Her an Connie sets a lot a store by it. You done the same thing. Well go now, Tom said. Pull off the road a little piece ahead. Watch out for us ef we dont see you. Be off right- han side.  b AFs stayin? Yeah. Leave Uncle John come with us. Night, Ma. They walked away through the sleeping camp. In front of one tent a low fitful fire burned, and a woman watched a kettle that cooked early breakfast. The smell of the cooking beans was strong and fine. Like to have a plate a them, Tom said politely as they went by. The woman smiled. They aint done or youd be wel- come, she said. Come aroun in the daybreak. Thank you, maam  Tom said. He and Casy and Uncle John walked by the porch. The proprietor still sat in his chair, and the lantern hissed and flared. He turned his head as the three went by. Ya runnin outa gas, Tom said. Well, time to close up anyways. No more half-bucks rollin down the road, I guess, Tom said. y Ihe Grapes of Wrath 263 The chair legs hit the floor. Dont you go a-sassin me. I member you. Youre one of these here troublemakers. Damn right, said Tom. Im bolshevisky. Theys too damn many of you kinda guys aroun. Tom laughed as they went out the gate and climbed into the Dodge. He picked up a clod and threw it at the light. They heard it hit the house and saw the proprietor spring to his feet and peer into the darkness. Tom started the car and pulled into the road. iknd he listened closely to the motor as it turned over, listened for knocks. The road spread dimly under the weak lights of the car. Chapter Seventeen T HE cars of the migrant people crawled out of the side roads onto the great cross-country highway, and they took the migrant way to the West. In the day- light they scuttled like bugs to the westward; and as the dark caught them, they clustered like bugs near to shelter and to water. And because they were lonely and perplexed, because they had all come from a place of sadness and worry and defeat, and because they were all going to a new mysterious place, they huddled together; they talked together; they shared their lives, their food, and the things they hoped for in the new country. Thus it might be that one family camped near a spring, and another camped for the spring and for company, and a third because two families had pioneered the place and found it good. And when the sun went down, per- haps twenty families and twenty cars were there. In the evening a strange thing happened the twenty fami- lies became one family, the children were the children of all. The loss of home became one loss, and the golden time in the West was one dream. And it might be that a sick child threw despair into the hearts of twenty families, of a hundred peo- ple; that a birth there in a tent kept a hundred people quiet and awestruck through the night and filled a hundred people with the birth-joy in the morning. A family which the night Defore had been lost and fearful might search its goods to find a present for a new baby. In the evening, sitting about 264 The Grapes of Wrath 265 the fires, the twenty were one. They grew to be units of the camps, units of the evenings and the nights. A guitar un- wrapped from a blanket and tuned and the songs, which were all of the people, were sung in the nights. Men sang the words, and women hummed the tunes. Every night a world created, complete with furniture- friends made and enemies established; a world complete with braggarts and with cowards, with quiet men, with humble men, with kindly men. Every night relationships that make a world, established; and every morning the world torn down like a circus. At first the families were timid in the building and tum- bling worlds, but gradually the technique of building worlds became their technique. Then leaders emerged, then laws were made, then codes came into being. And as the worlds moved westward they were more complete and better fur- nished, for their builders were more experienced in building them. The families learned what rights must be observed the right of privacy in the tent; the right to keep the past black hidden in the heart; the right to talk and to listen; the right to refuse help or to accept, to offer help or to decline it; the right of son to court and daughter to be courted; the right of the hungry to be fed; the rights of the pregnant and the sick to transcend all other rights. And the families learned, although no one told them, what rights are monstrous and must be destroyed the right to intrude upon privacy, the right to be noisy while the camp slept, the right of seduction or rape, the right of adultery and theft and murder. These rights were crashed, because the little worlds could not exist for even a night with such rights alive. 1 66 The Grapes of Wrath And as the worlds moved westward, rules became laws, although no one told the families. It is unlawful to foul near the camp; it is unlawful in any way to foul the drinking water; it is unlawful to eat good rich food near one who is hungry, unless he is asked to share. And with the laws, the punishments and there were only two  a quick and murderous fight or 'ostracism; and ostra- cism was the worst. For if one broke the laws his name and face went with him, and he had no place in any world, no matter where created. In the worlds, social conduct became fixed and rigid, so that a man must say Good morning when asked for it, so that a man might have a willing girl if he stayed with her, if he fathered her children and protected them. But a man might not have one girl one night and another the next, for this would endanger the worlds. The families moved westward, and the technique of build- ing the worlds improved so that the people could be safe in their worlds; and the form was so fixed that a family acting in the rules knew it was safe in the rules. There grew up government in the worlds, with leaders, with elders. A man who was wise found that his wisdom was needed in every camp; a man who was a fool could not change his folly with his world. And a kind of insurance de- veloped in these nights. A man with food fed a hungry man, and thus insured himself against hunger. And when a baby died a pile of silver coins grew at the door flap, for a baby must be well buried, since it has had nothing else of life. An old man may be left in a potters field, but not a baby. A certain physical pattern is needed for the building of a world-water, a river bank, a stream, a spring, or even a faucet unguarded. And there is needed enough flat land to The Grapes of Wrath 267 pitch the tents, a little brush or wood to build the fires. If there is a garbage dump not too far off, all the better; for there can be found equipment  stove tops, a curved fender to shelter the fire, and cans to cook in and to eat from. And the worlds were built in the evening. The people, moving in from the highways, made them with their tent and their hearts and their brains. In the morning the tents came down, the canvas was folded, the tent poles tied along the running board, the beds put in place on the cars, the pots in their places. And as the families moved westward, the technique of building up a home in the evening and tearing it down with the morning light became fixed; so that the folded tent was packed in one place, the cooking pots counted in their box. And as the cars moved westward, each member of the family grew into his proper place, grew into his duties; so that each member, old and young, had his place in the car; so that in the weary, hot evenings, when the cars pulled into the camping places, each member had his duty and went to it without instruction children to gather wood, to carry water; men to pitch the tents and bring down the beds; women to cook the supper and to watch while the family fed. And this was done with- out command. The families, which had been units of which the boundaries were a house at night, a farm by day, changed their boundaries. In the long hot light, they were silent in the cars moving slowly westward; but at night they integrated with any group they found. Thus they changed their social life changed as in the whole universe only man can change. They were not farm men any more, but migrant men. And the thought, the plan- ning, the long staring silence that had gone out to the fields, went now to the roads, to the distance, to the West. That 268 The Grapes of Wrath man whose mind had been bound with acres lived with nar- row concrete miles. And his thought and his worry were nor. any more with rainfall, with wind and dust, with the thrust of the crops. Eyes watched the tires, ears listened to the clat- tering motors, and minds struggled with oil, with gasoline, with the thinning rubber between air and road. Then a broken gear was tragedy. Then water in the evening was the yearning, and food over the fire. Then health to go on was the need and strength to go on, and spirit to go on. The wills thrust westward ahead of them, and fears that had once apprehended drought or flood now lingered with anything that might stop the westward crawling. The camps became fixed-each a short days journey from de last. And on the road the panic overcame some of the families, so that they drove night and day, stopped to sleep in the cars, and drove on to the West, flying from the road, flying from movement. And these lusted so greatly to be settled that they set their faces into the West and drove toward it, forcing the clashing engines over the roads. But most of the families changed and grew quickly into the new life. And when the sun went down  Time to look out for a place to stop. And theres some tents ahead The car pulled off the road and stopped, and because others were there first, certain courtesies were necessary. And the man, the leader of the family, leaned from the car. Can we pull up here an sleep? Why, sure, be proud to have you. What State you from? Come all the way from Arkansas.   They s Arkansas people down that' fourth tent. That so? w . , 269 The Grapes of Wrath And the great question, Hows the water? Well, she dont taste so good, but theys plenty, Weil, thank ya. No thanks to me. But the courtesies had to be. The car lumbered over the ground to the end tent, and stopped. Then down from the car the weary people climbed, and stretched stiff bodies. Then the new tent sprang up; the children went for water and the older boys cut brush or wood. The fires started and supper was put on to boil or to fry. Early comers moved over, and States were exchanged, and friends and sometimes relatives discovered. Oklahoma, huh? What county? Cherokee. Why, I got folks there. Know the Allens? Theys Allens all over Cherokee. Know the Willises? Why, sure. And a new unit was formed. The dusk came, but before the dark was down the new family was of the camp. A word had been passed with every family. They were known peo- ple-good people, I knowed the Allens all my life. Simon Allen, o Y Simon, had trouble with his first wife. She was part Cherokee. Purty as as a black colt. Sure, an young Simon, he married a Rudolph, didn he? Thats what -I thought. They went to live in Enid an done, well real well. Only Allen that ever done well. Got a garage. When the water was carried and the wood cut, the chil- dren walked shyly, cautiously among the tents. And they made elaborate acquaintanceship gestures. A boy stopped near another boy and studied a stone, picked it up, examined t 70 The Grapes of Wrath it closely, spat on it, and nibbed it clean and inspected it until he forced the other to demand, What you got there? And casually, Nothin, jus a rock. Well, what you lookin at it like that for? Thought 1 seen gold in it. Flowd you know? Gold aint gold, its black in a rock. Sure, everbody knows that. I bet its fools gold, an you figgered it was gold. That aint so, cause Pa, hes foun lots a gold an he toF me how to look. Howd you like to pick up a big of piece a gold? Sa-a-ay! Id git the bigges old son-ad itchin piece a candy you ever seen. I aint let to swear, but I do, anyways. Me too. Les go to the spring. And young girls found each other and boasted shyly of their popularity and their prospects. The women worked over the fire, hurrying to get food to the stomachs of the family pork if there was money in plenty, pork and pota- toes and onions. Dutch-oven biscuits or cornbread, and plenty of gravy to go over it. Side-meat or chops and a can of boiled tea, black and bitter. Fried dough in drippings if money was slim, dough fried crisp and brown and the drip- pings poured over it.  Those families which were very rich or very foolish with their money ate canned beans and canned peaches and pack- aged bread and bakery cake; but they ate secretly, in their tents, for it would not have been good to eat such fine things openly. Even so, children eating their fried dough smelled the warming beans and were unhappy about it. When supper was over and the dishes dipped and wiped, the dark had come, and then the men squatted down to talk. The Grapes of Wrath 271 And they talked of the land behind them. I don know what its coming to, they said. The countrys spoilt. It 11 come back though, on y we wont be there. Maybe, they thought, maybe we sinned some way we didnt know about. Fella says to me, gov ment fella, an he says, shes gullied up on ya. Govment fella. He says, if ya plowed cross the contour, she wont gully. Never did have no chance to try hex. An the new super aint plowin cross the contour. Runnin a furrow four miles long that aint stoppin or goin aroun Jesus Christ Hisself. And they spoke softly of their homes They was a little cool-house under the winmill. Use ta keep milk in there ta ci earn up, an watermelons. Go in there midday when she washottern a heifer, an shed be jus as cool, as cool as    Cut open a melon in there an shed hurt your mouth, she was so cool. Water drippin down from the tank. They spoke of their tragedies Had a brother Charley, hair as yella as corn, an him a growed man. Played the cor- deen nice too. He was harrowin one day an he went up to clear his lines. Well, a rattlesnake buzzed an them horses bolted an the harrow went over Charley, an the points dug into his guts an his stomach, an they pulled his face off an God Almighty! They spoke of the future Wonder what its like out there? Well, the pitchers sure do look nice. I seen one where its hot an fine, an walnut trees an berries; an right behind, close as a mule s ass to his withers, theys a tall up mountain covered with snow. That was a pretty thing to see. If we can get work itll be fine. Wont have no cold in the winter. Kids wont freeze on the way to school. Im 272 The Grapes of Wrath take care my bids dont miss no more school. I can read good, but it aint no pleasure to me like with a fella thats used to it. And perhaps a man brought out his guitar to the front of his tent. And he sat on a box to play, and everyone in the camp moved slowly in toward him, drawn in toward him. Many men can chord a guitar, but perhaps this man was a picker. There you have something-the deep chords beating, beating, while the melody runs on the strings like little foot- steps. Heavy hard fingers marching on the frets. The man played and the people moved slowly in on him until the cir- cle was closed and tight, and then he sang Ten-Cent Cotton and Forty-Cent Meat. And the circle sang softly with him. And he sang Why Do You Cut Your Hair, Girls? And the circle sang. He wailed the song, Im Leaving Old Texas, that eerie song that was sung before the Spaniards came, only the words were Indian then. And now the group w r as welded to one thing, one unit, so that in the dark the eyes of the people were inward, and their minds played in other times, and their sadness was like rest, like sleep. He sang the McAlester Blues and then, to make up for it to the older people, he sang Jesus Calls Me to His Side. The children drowsed with the music and went into the tents to sleep, and the singing came into their dreams. And after a while the man with the guitar stood up and yawned. Good night, folks, he said. And they murmured, Good night to you. And each wished he could pick a guitar, because it is a gracious thing. Then the people went to their beds, and the camp was quiet. And the owls coasted overhead, and the coyotes gabbled in the distance, and into the camp skunks walked, looking for bits of food waddling, arrogant skunks afraid of nothing. The Grapes of Wrath 273 The night passed, and with the first streak of dawn the women came out of the tents, built up the fires, and put the coffee to boil. And the men came out and talked softly in the dawn. When you cross the Colorado river, theres the desert, they say. Look out for the desert. See you dont get hung up. Take plenty water, case you get hung up. Fm gonna take her at night. Me too. Shell cut the living Jesus outa you. The families ate quickly, and the dishes were dipped and wiped. The. tents came down. There was a rush to go. And when the sun arose, the camping place was vacant, only a little litter left by the people. And the camping place was ready for a new world in a new night. But along the highway the cars of the migrant people crawled out like bugs, and the narrow concrete miles stretched ahead. Chapter Eighteen T HE joad family moved slowly westward, up into the mountains of New Mexico, past the pinnacles and pyramids of the upland. They climbed into the high country of Arizona, and through a gap they looked down on the Painted Desert. A border guard stopped them. Where you going? To California, said Tom. How long you plan to be in xrizona? No longern we can get acrost her. Got any plants? No plants. I ought to look your stuff over. I tell you we aint got no plants. The guard put a little sticker on the windshield. O.K. Go ahead, but you better keep movin. Sure. We aim to. They crawled up the slopes, and the low twisted trees cov- ered the slopes. Holbrook, Joseph City, Winslow. And then the tall trees began, and the cars spouted steam and labored up the slopes. And there was Flagstaff, and that was the top of it all. Down from Flagstaff over the great plateaus, and the i oad disappeared in the distance ahead. . The 'water grew scarce, water was to be bought, five cents, ten cents, fifteen cents a gallon. The sun drained the dry rocky country, and ahead were jagged broken peaks, the western wall of Ari- zona. And now they were in flight from the sun and the The Grapes of Wrath 275 drought. They drove all night, and came to the mountains in the night. And they crawled the jagged ramparts in the night, and their dim lights flickered on the pale stone walls of the road. They passed the summit in the dark and came slowly down in the late night, through the shattered stone debris of Oatman; and when the daylight came they saw the Colorado river below them. They drove to Topock, pulled up at the bridge while a guard washed off the windshield sticker. Then across the bridge and into the broken rock wilderness. And although they were dead weary and the morning heat was growing, they stopped. Pa called, Were there-were in California! They looked dully at the broken rock glaring under the sun, and across the river the terrible ramparts of Arizona. We got the desert, said Tom. We got to get to the water and rest. The road runs parallel to the river, and it was well into the morning when the burning motors came to Needles, where the river runs swiftly among the reeds. The. Joads and Wilsons drove to the river, and they sat in the cars looking at the lovely water flowing by, and the green reeds jerking slowly in the current. There was a little encampment by the river, eleven tents near the water, and the swamp grass on the ground. And Tom leaned out of truck window. Mind if we stop here a piece? A stout woman, scrubbing clothes in a bucket, looked up. We dont own it, mister. Stop if you want. Theyll be a cop down to look you over. And she went back to her bing in the sun. The two cars pulled to a clear place on the swamp grass. 'The tents were passed down, the Wilson tent set up, the Joad tarpaulin stretched over its rope. 276 The Grapes of Wrath Winfield and Ruthie walked slowly down through the willows to the reedy place. Ruthie said, with soft vehemence, ''California. This heres California an were right in it! Winfield broke a tule and twisted it free, and he put the white pulp in his mouth and chewed it. They walked into the water and stood quietly, the water about the calves of 5 their legs.  We got the desert yet, Ruthie said. I Whats the desert like? I dont know. I seen pitchers once says a desert. They was bones everplace. Man bones? Some, I guess, but mosly cow bones. We gonna get to see them bones? Maybe. I don know. Gonna go crost her at night. Thats what Tom said. Tom says we get the livin Jesus burned outa us if we go in daylight. Feels nicet an cool, said Winfield, and he squidged his toes in the sand of the bottom. They heard Ma calling, Ruthie! Winfiel! You come back. They turned and walked slowly back through the reeds and the willows. The other tents were quiet. For a moment, when the cars came up, a few heads had stuck out between the flaps, and then were withdrawn. Now the family tents were up and the men gathered together. Tom said, Pm gonna go down an take a bath. Thats what Pm gonna dobefore I sleep. Hows Granma sence we got her in the tent? Don know, said Pa. Couldn seem to wake her up. He cocked his head toward the tent. A whining, babbling The Grapes of Wrath 277 voice came from under the canvas. Ma went quickly inside, She woke up, awright, said Noah. Seems like all night she was a-croakin up on the truck. Shes all outa sense Tom said, Hell Shes wore out. If she dont get some res pretty soon, she ain gonna las. Shes jes wore out. Any- body cornin with me? Fm gonna wash, an Fm gonna sleep in the shade-all day long. He moved away, and the other men followed him. They took off their clothes in the wal- lows and then they walked into the water and sat down. For a long time they sat, holding themselves with heels dug into the sand, and only their heads stuck out of the water. Jesus, I needed this, A1 said. He took a handful of sand from the bottom and scrubbed himself with it. They lay in the water and looked across at the sharp peaks called Needles and at the white rock mountains of Arizona. We come through them, Pa said in wonder. Uncle John ducked his head under the water. Well, were here. This heres California, an she dont look so pros- perous. Got the desert yet, said Tom. An I hear shes a son-of- a-bitch. Noah asked, Gonna try her tonight? What ya think, Pa? Tom asked. Well, I don know. Do us good to get a little res, spe- cially Granma. But other ways, Id kinda like to get acrost her an get settled into a job. Ony got bout forty dollars left. Ill feel better when were all workin, an a little money cornin in. Each man sat in the water and felt the tug of the current. The preacher let his arms and hands float on the surface. The bodies were white to the neck and wrists, and burned dark 278 The Grapes of Wrath brown on hands and faces, with Vs of brown at the collar bones. They scratched themselves with sand. And Noah said lazily, Like to jus stay here. Like to lay here forever. Never get hungry an never get sad. Lay in the water all life long, lazy as a brood sow in the mud. And Tom, looking at the ragged peaks across the river and the Needles downstream Never seen such tough moun- tains. This heres a murder country. This heres the bones of a country. Wonder if well ever get in a place where folks can live thout fightin 7 hard scrabble an rocks. I seen pitchers of a country flat an green, an with little houses like Ma says, white. Ma got her heart set on a white house. Get to thinkin they aint no such country, I seen pitchers like that. Pa said, Wait till we get to California. Youll see nice country then. Jesus Christ, Pa! This here is California. Two men dressed in jeans and sweaty blue shirts came through the willows and looked toward the naked men. They called, Hows the swimmin? Dunno, said Tom. We aint tried none. Sure feels good to set here, though. Mind if we come in an set? She aint our river. Well len you a little piece of her. The men shucked off their pants, peeled their shirts, and waded out. The dust coated their legs to the knee; their feet were pale and soft with sweat. They settled lazily into the water and washed listlessly at their flanks. Sun-bitten, they were, a father and a boy. They grunted and groaned with the water. Pa asked politely, Goin west? Nope. We come from there. Goin back home. We cant make no livin out there. 279 The Grapes of Wrath Wheres home? Tom asked. Panhandle, come from near Pampa. Pa asked, Can you make a livin there? Nope. But at leas we can starve to death with folks we know. Won t have a bunch a fellas that hates us to starve with. Pa said, Ya know, youre the second fella talked like that. What makes em hate you? Dunno, said the man. He cupped his hands full of water and rubbed his face, snorting and bubbling. Dusty water ran out of his hair and streaked his neck. I like to hear some more bout this, said Pa. Me too, Tom added. Why these folks out west hate ya? The man looked sharply at Tom. You jus goin wes? Jus on our way. You aint never been in California? No, we aint. Well, don take my word. Go see for yourself. Yeah, Tom said, but a fella kind a likes to know what hes gettin into. Well, if you truly wanta know. Im a fella thats asked questions an give her some thought. Shes a nice country. But she was stole a long time ago. You git acrost the desert an come into the country aroun Bakersfield. An you never seen such purty country all orchards an grapes, purtiest country you ever seen. An youll pass lan fiat an fine with water thirty feet down, and that Ians layin fallow. But you cant have none of that lan. Thats a Lan and Cattle Com- pany. An if they dont want ta work her, she aint gonna git worked. You go in there an plant you a little corn, an youll go to iail! z8o The Grapes of Wrath Good la n you say? An they ain't workin her? Yes, sir. Good Ian an they aint! Well, sir, thatll get you a little mad, but you aint seen nothin. People gonna have a look in their eye. They gonna look at you an their face says, "I dont like you, you son-of-a-bicch. Gonna be deputy sheriffs, an theyll push you aroun. You camp on the road- side, an theyll move you on. You gonna see in peoples face how they hate you. An Ill tell you somepin. They hate you cause theyre scairt. They know a hungry fella gonna get food even if he got to take it. They know that fallow Ians a sin an somebody gonna take it. What the hell! You never been called Okie yet. Tom said, Okie? Whats that? Well, Okie use ta mean you was from Oklahoma. Now it means youre a dirty son-of-a-bitch. Okie means youre scum. Dont mean nothing itself, its the way they say it. But 1 cant tell you nothin. You got to go there. I hear theres three hunderd thousan of our people there an livin like hogs, cause everthing in California is owned. They aint nothin left. An them people that owns it is gonna hang on to it if they got ta kill everbody in the worl to do it. An theyre scairt, an that makes em mad. You got to see it. You got to hear it. Purtiest goddamn country you ever seen, but they aint nice to you, them folks. Theyre so scairt an wor- ried they aint even nice to each other. Tom looked down into the water, and he dug his heels into the sand. Spose a fella got work an saved, couldn he get a little Ian? The older man laughed and he looked at his boy, and his silent boy grinned almost in triumph. And the man said, You aint gonna get no steady work. Gonna scrabble for your dinner ever day. An you gonna do her with people The Grapes of Wrath 281 lookin mean at you. Pick cotton, an you gonna be sure the scales aint honest. Some of em is, an some of em aint. But you gonna think all the scales is crooked, an you don 5 know which ones. Aint nothin you can do about her anyways.' Pa asked slowly, Aint aint it nice out there at all? Sure, nice to look at, but you cant have none of it. Theys a grove of yella oranges an a guy with a gun that got the right to kill you if you touch one. Theys a fella, newspaper fella near the coast, got a million acres   Casy looked up quickly, Million acres? What in the worP can he do with a million acres? I dunno. He jus got it. Runs a few cattle. Got guards everplace to keep folks out. Rides aroun in a bullet-proof car. I seen pitchers of him. Fat, sof fella with little mean eyes an a mouth like a ass-hole. Scairt hes gonna die. Got a mil- lion acres an scairt of dyin. Casy demanded, What in hell can he do with a million acres? Whats he want a million acres for? The man took his whitening, puckering hands out of the water and spread them, and he tightened his lower lip and bent his head down to one shoulder. I dunno, he said. Guess hes crazy. Mus be crazy. Seen a pitcher of him. He looks crazy. Crazy an mean. Say hes scairt to die? Casy asked. Thats what I heard. Scairt Godll get him? I dunno. Jus scairt. Whats he care? Pa said. Dont seem like hes havin no fun. Grampa wasnt scairt, Tom said. When Grampa was havin the most fun, he come clostest to gettin kiit. Time Grampa an another fella whanged into a bunch a Navajo in 282  The Grapes of Wrath the night. They was havin the time a their life, an 5 same time you wouldn give a gopher for their chance. Casy said, Seems like thats the way. Fella havin fun, he dont give a damn; but a fella mean an 5 lonely an old an dis- appointed hes scared of dyinl Pa asked, Whats he disappointed about if he got a mil- lion acres? The preacher smiled, and he looked puzzled. He splashed a floating water bug away with his hand. If he needs a million acres to make him feel rich, seems to me he needs it cause he feels awful poor inside hisself, and if hes poor in hisself, there aint no million acres gonna make him feel rich, an 5 maybe hes disappointed that nothin he can doll make him feel rich not rich like Mis Wilson was when she give her tent when Grampa died. I aint tryin to preach no sermon, but I never seen nobody thats busy as a prairie dog collectin stuff that wasnt disappointed. He grinned. Does kinda soun like a sermon, dont it? The sun was flaming fiercely now. Pa said, Better scrunch down under water. Shell bum the living Jesus outa you. And he reclined and let the gently moving water flow around his neck. If a fellas willin to work hard, cant he cut her? Pa asked. The man sat up and faced him. Look, mister. I don know everthing. You might go out there an fall Into a steady job, an Id be a liar. An then, you might never get no work, an I didn warn ya. I can tell ya mos of the folks is purty misable. He lay back in the water. A fella don know everthing, he said. Pa turned his head and looked at Uncle John. You never was a fella to say much, Pa said, But Ill be goddamned if The Grapes of Wrath 283 yon opened your mouth twlcet sence we lef home. What you think bout this here? Uncle John scowled, I dont think nothin about it. Were a-goin there, aint we? None of this here talk gonna keep us from goin there. When we get there, well get there. When we get a job well work, an when we dont get a job well set on our tail This here talk aint gonna do no good no way. Tom lay back and filled his mouth with -water, and he spurted it into the air and he laughed. Uncle John dont talk much, but he talks sense. Yes, by God! He talks sense. We goin on tonight, Pa? Mights well. Mights well get her over. Well, Im goin up in the brush an get some sleep then. Tom stood up and waded to the sandy shore. He slipped his clothes on his wet body and winced under the heat of the cloth. The others followed him. In the water, the man and his boy watched the Joads dis- appear. And the boy said, Like to see em in six months. Jesus! The man wiped his eye corners with his forefinger. I shouldn of did that, he said. Fella always wants to be a wise guy, wants to tell folks stuff. Well, Jesus, Pa! They asked for it. Yeah, I know. But like that fe says,, theyre a-goin any- ways Nothin wont be changed from what I tol em, cept theyll be misable fore they hafta. ' ' -;-V; ;.', T-'T . LiT i.;. Li  " Tom walked in among the willows, and he crawled into a cave of shade to lie down. And Noah followed him. Gonna sleep here, Tom said. 284 The Grapes of Wrath Tom! Yeah? Tom, 1 aint a-goin on. Tom sat up. What you mean? Tom, I aint a-gonna leave this here water, fm a-gonna  walk on down this here river. , Youre crazy, Tom said. Get myself a piece a line. Ill catch fish. Fella cant starve beside a nice river. Tom said, How bout the famly? How bout Ma? I cant hep it. I cant leave this here water. Noahs wide- set eyes were half closed. You know how it is, Tom. Yoi know how, the folks are nice to me. But they dont really care for me. Youre crazy. No, I aint. I know how I am. I know theyre sorry. But Well, I aint a-goin. You tell Ma Tom. Now you look-a-here, Tom began. No. It aint no use. I was in that there water. An I aint a-gonna leave her. Im a-gonna go now, Tom down the river. Ill catch fish an stuff, but I cant leave her. I cant. He crawled back out of the willow cave. You tell Ma, Tom. He walked away. Tom followed him to the river bank. Listen, you god- damn fool    It aint no use, Noah said. Fm sad, but I cant hep it. I got to go. He turned abruptly and walked downstream along the shore. Tom started to follow, and then he stopped. He saw Noah disappear into the brush, and then appear again, following the edge of the river. And he watched Noah growing smaller on the edge of the river, until he disap- peared into the willows at last. And Tom took off his cap The Grapes of Wrath 285 and scratched his head. Fie went back to his willow cave and lay down to sleep. Under the spread tarpaulin Granma lay on a mattress, and Ma sat beside her. The air was stiflingly hot, and the flies buzzed in the shade of the canvas. Granma was naked under a long piece of pink curtain. She turned her old head rest- lessly from side to side, and she muttered and choked. Ma sat on the ground beside her, and with a piece of cardboard drove the flies away and fanned a stream of moving hot air over the tight old face. Rose of Sharon sat on the other side and watched her mother. Granma called imperiously, Will! Will! You come here, Will. And her eyes opened and she looked fiercely about. ToP him to come right here, she said. Ill catch him. Ill take the hair offn him. She closed her eyes and rolled her head back and forth and muttered thickly. Ma fanned with the cardboard. Rose of Sharon looked helplessly at the old woman. She said softly, Shes awful sick. Ma raised her eyes to the girls face. Mas eyes were pa- tient, but the lines of strain were on her forehead. Ma fanned and fanned the air, and her piece of cardboard warned off the flies. When youre young, Rosasharn, everything that hap- pens is a thing all by itself. Its a lonely thing. I know, I member, Rosasharn. Her mouth loved the name of her daughter. Youre gonna have a baby, Rosasharn, and thats somepin to you lonely and away. Thats gonna hurt you, an the hurtll be lonely hurt, an this here tent is alone in the work, Rosasharn. She whipped the air for a moment to drive a buzzing blow fly on, and the big shining fly circled the tent twice and zoomed out into the blinding sunlight 286 The Grapes of Wrath And Ma went on, Theys a time of change, an when that comes, dvin 7 is a piece of all dyiir, and bearin is a piece of all bearin, an bearin an dyin 5 is two pieces of the same thing. An then things aint lonely any more. An then a hurt don't hurt so bad, cause it aint a lonely hurt no more, Rosa- sharn. I wisht 1 could tell you so youd know, but I cant. And her voice was so soft, so full of love, that tears crowded into Rose of Sharons eyes, and flowed over her eyes and blinded her. "Take an fan Granma, Ma said, and she handed the card- board to her daughter. Thats a good thing to do. I wisht l could tell you so youd know. Granma, scowling her brows down over her closed eyes, bleated, Will! Youre dirty! You aint never gonna get clean. Her little wrinkled claws moved up and scratched her cheek. A red ant ran up the curtain cloth and scrambled over the folds of loose skin on the old ladys neck. Ma reached quickly and picked it off, crushed it between thumb and forefinger, and brushed her fingers on her dress. Rose of Sharon waved the cardboard fan. She looked up at Ma. She r And the words parched in her throat. Wipe your feet. Will you dirty pig! Granma cried. Ma said, I dunno. Maybe if we can get her where it aint so hot, but I dunno. Dont worry yourself, Rosasharn. Take your breath in when you need it, an let it go when you need to. A large woman in a torn black dress looked into the tent. Her eyes were bleared and indefinite, and the skin sagged to her jowls and hung down in little flaps. Her lips were loose, so that the upper lip hung like a curtain over her teeth, and her lower lip, by its weight, folded outward, showing her Tiie Grapes of Wrath 287 lower gums. Mornin, maam, she said. Mornin, an praise God for victory. Ma looked around. Mornin, she said. The woman stooped into the tent and bent her head over Granma. We heerd you got a soul here ready to join her Jesus. Praise God! Mas face tightened and her eyes grew sharp. Shes tarU thas all, Ma said. a Shes wore out with the road an the heat. Shes jus wore out. Get a little res, an shell be well. The woman leaned down over Graninas face, and she seemed almost to sniff. Then she turned to Ma and nodded quickly, and her lips jiggled and her jowls quivered. A dear soul gonna join her Jesus, she said. Ma cried, That aint so! The woman nodded, slowly, this time, and put a puffy hand on Granmas forehead. Ma reached to snatch the hand away, and quickly restrained herself. Yes, its so, sister, the woman said. We got six in Holiness in our tent. Ill go git em, an well hop a meetin a prayer an grace. Jeho vires, all. Six, countin me. Ill go git em out. Ma stiffened. No-no, she said. No, Granmas tard. She couldnt stan a meetin. ' The woman said, Couldnt stan grace? Couidn stan the sweet breath of Jesus? What you talkin about, sister? Ma said, No, not here. Shes too tard. The woman looked reproachfully at Ma. Aint you be- lievers, maam? We always been Holiness, Ma said, but Granmas taxd, an we been a-goin all night. We wont trouble you. It aint no trouble, an if it was, wed want ta do it for  soul a-soarin to the Lamb. 288 The Grapes of Wrath Ma arose to her knees. We thank ya, she said coldly "We ain't gonna have no meetin in this here tent. The woman looked at her for a long time. Well, we aint a-gonna let a sister go away thout a little praisin. Well git the meetin goin in our own tent, maam. An well forgive ya for your hard heart. Ma settled back again and turned her face to Granma, and her face was still set and hard. Shes tard, Ma said. Shes ony tard. Granma swung her head back and forth and muttered under her breath. The woman walked stiffly out of the tent. Ma continued to look down at the old face. Rose of Sharon fanned her cardboard and moved the hot air in a stream. She said, Ma! Yeah? Whynt ya let em hoF a meetin? I durnio, said Ma. Jehovites is good people. Theyre howlers an jumpers. I dunno. Somepin jus come over me. I didn think I could stan it. Id jus fly all apart. From some little distance there came the sound of the beginning meeting, a sing-song chant of exhortation. The words were not clear, only the tone. The voice rose and fell, and went higher at each rise. Now a response filled in the pause, and the exhortation went up with a tone of triumph, and a growl of power came into the voice. It swelled and paused, and a growl came into the response. And now gradu- ally the sentences of exhortation shortened, grew sharper, like commands; and into the responses came a complaining note. The rhythm quickened. Male and female voices had been one tone, but now in the middle of a response one womans voice went up and up in a wailing cry, wild and fierce, like the cry of a beast; and a deeper womans voice The Grapes of Wrath 289 rose up beside it, a baying voice, and a mans voice traveled up the scale in the howl of a wolf. The exhortation stopped, and only the feral howling came from the tent, and with it a thudding sound on the earth. Ma shivered. Rose of Sharons breath was panting and short, and the chorus of howls went on so long it seemed that lungs must burst. Ma said, Makes me nervous. Somepin happened to me. Now the high voice broke into hysteria, the gabbling screams of a hyena, the thudding became louder. Voices cracked and broke, and then the whole chorus fell to a sob-, bing, grunting undertone, and the slap of flesh and the thud, dings on the earth; and the sobbing changed to a littk whining, like that of a litter of puppies at a food dish. Rose of Sharon cried softly with nervousness. Granina kicked the curtain off her legs, which lay like gray, knotted sticks. And Granma whined with the whining in the distance, Ma pulled the curtain back in place. And then Granma sighed deeply and her breathing grew steady and easy, and her closed eyelids ceased their flicking. She slept deeply, and snored through her half-open mouth. The whining from the distance was softer and softer until it could not be heard at all any more. Rose of Sharon looked at Ma, and her eyes were blank with tears. It done good, said Rose of Sharon. It done Granma good. Shes a-sleepin. Mas head was down, and she was ashamed. Maybe I done them good people wrong. Granma is asleep. Whynt you ast our preacher if you done a sin? the girl ' asked. i' I will but hes a queer man. Maybe its him made me tell them people they couldn come here. That preacher, hes gettin' roun to thinkin that what people does is right to wmmm 2 go The Grapes of Wrath do. Ma looked at her hands, and then she said, Rosasham, we jjot to sleep. F were gonna go tonight, we got to sleep. She stretched out on the ground beside the mattress. Rose of Sharon asked, How about fannin Granma? Shes asleep now. You lay down an rest. I wonder where at Connie is? the girl complained. 1 aint seen him around for a long time. Ma said, Sh! Get some rest. Ma, Connie gonna study nights an get to be somepin. Yeah. You tol me about that. Get some rest. The girl lay down on the edge of Granmas mattress, Connies got a new plan. Hes thinkin all a time. When he gets all up on iectricity he gonna have his own store, an then guess what we gonna have? What?" Ice all the ice you want. Gonna have a ice box. Keep it full. Stuff dont spoil if you got ice. Connies thinkin all a time, Ma chuckled. Better get some rest now. Rose of Sharon closed her eyes. Ma turned over on her back and crossed her hands under her head. She listened to Granmas breathing and to the girls breathing. She moved a hand to start a fly from her forehead. The camp was quiet in the blinding heat, but the noises of hot grass of crickets, the hum of flies were a tone "that was close to silence. Ma sighed deeply and then yawned and closed her eyes. In her half-sleep she heard footsteps approaching, but it was a mans voice that started her awake. Whos in here? Ma sat up quickly. A brown-faced man bent over and looked in. He wore boots and khaki pants and a khaki shirt with epaulets. On a Sam Browne belt a pistol holster hung. The Grapes of Wrath 291 and a big silver star was pinned to his shirt at the left breast. A loose-crowned military cap was on the back of his head. He beat on the tarpaulin with his hand, and the tight canvas vibrated like a drum. Whos in here? he demanded again. Ma asked, What is it you want, mister? What you think I want? I want to know whos in here. Why, theys jus us three in here. Me an Granma an mv girl. Wheres your men? Why, they went down to clean up. We was drivin all night. Whered you come from? Right near Sallisaw, Oklahoma. Well, you cant stay here. We aim to get out tonight an cross the desert, mister. Well, you better. If youre here tomorra this time Ill run you in. We dont want none of you settlin down here. Mas face blackened with anger. She got slowly to her feet. She stooped to the utensil box and picked out the iron skillet. Mister, she said, you got a tin button an a gun. Where I come from, you keep your voice down. She advanced on him with the skillet. He loosened the gun in the holster. Go ahead, said Ma. Scarin women. Im thankful the men aint here. Theyd tear ya to pieces. In my country watch your tongue. The man took two steps backward. Well, you aint your country now. Youre in California, an we dont want you goddamn Okies settlin down. Mas advance stopped. She looked puzzled. Okies? she 292 The Grapes of Wrath Ill run ya in. 5  He turned and walked to the next tent and banged on the canvas with his hand. Whos in here? he said. Ma went slowly back under the tarpaulin. She put the skillet in the utensil box. She sat down slowly. Rose of Sharon watched her secretly. And when she saw Ma fighting with her face. Rose of Sharon closed her eyes and pretended to be asleep. The sun sank low in the afternoon, but the heat did not seem to decrease. Tom awakened under his willow, and his mouth was parched and his body was wet with sweat, and his head was dissatisfied with his rest. He staggered to his feet and walked toward the water. He peeled off his clothes and waded into the stream. And the moment the water was about him, his thirst was gone. He lay back in the shallows and his body floated. He held himself in place with his elbows in the sand, and looked at his toes, which bobbed above the surface. A pale skinny little boy crept like an animal through the reeds and slipped off his clothes. And he squirmed into the water like a muskrat, and pulled himself along like a muskrat, only his eyes and nose above the surface. Then suddenly he saw Toms head and saw that Tom was- watching him. He stopped his game and sat up. Tom said, Hello.  Lo! Looks like you was playin mushrat. Well, I was. He edged gradually away toward the bank; he moved casually, and then he leaped out, gathered his clothes with a sweep of his arms, and was gone among the willows. Tom laughed quietly. And then he heard his name called The Grapes of Wrath 293 shrilly. Tom, oh, Tom!  He sat up in the water and whis- tled through his teeth, a piercing whistle with a loop on the end. The willows shook, and Ruthie stood looking at him. Ma wants you, she said. Ma wants you right away. Awright. He stood up and strode through the water to the shore; and Ruthie looked with interest and amazement at his naked body. Tom, seeing the direction of her eyes, said, Run on now. Git! And Ruthie ran. Tom heard her calling excitedly for Winfield as she went. He put the hot clothes on his cool, wet body and he walked slowly up through the willows toward the tent. Ma had started a fire of dry willow twigs, and she had a pan of water heating. She looked relieved when she saw him. Whats a matter, Ma? he asked. I was scairt, she said. They w T as a policeman here. Ha says we can t stay here. I was scairt he talked to you. I was scairt youd hit him if he talked to you. Tom said, Whatd I go an hit a policeman for? Ma smiled. Well-he talked so bad-I nearly hit him my self. Tom grabbed her arm and shook her roughly and loosely, and he laughed. He sat down on the ground, still laughing. My God, Ma. I knowed you when you was gentle. Whats come over you? She looked serious. I don know, Tom. Fust you stan us off with a jack handle, and now you try to hit a cop. He laughed softly, and he reached out and pat- ted her bare foot tenderly. A oF hell-cat, he said. Tom. Yeah? She hesitated a long time. Tom, this here policeman he 294 The Grapes of Wrath called us Okies. He says, We don want yon goddamn Okies settlin' down.  Tom studied her, and his hand- still rested gently on her hare foot. Telia toP about that, he said. Fella toF how they say it. He considered, Ma, would you say 1 was a bad fella? Oughta be locked up like that? No, she said. You been tried No. What you ast me for? Weil, I dunno. Id a took a sock at that cop. Ma smiled with amusement. Maybe 1 oughta ast you that, cause I nearly hit 5 im with a skillet. Ma, whyd he say we couldn stop here? Jus 5 says they don want no damn Okies settlin down. Says hes gonna run us in if were here tomorra. But we aint use ta gettin shoved aroun by no cops. I toF him that, said Ma. He says we aint home now Were in California, and they do what they want. Toni said uneasily, Ma, 1 got somepin to tell ya. Noah lie went on down the river. He aint a-goin on. It took a moment for Ma to understand. Why? she asked -softly. I don know. Says he got to. Says he got to stay. Says fo me to tell you. " ''   Flowll he eat? she demanded. I don know. Says hell catch fish. Ma was silent a long time. Familys failin apart, she said. I 'don Igiow. Seems like I cant think no more. I jus cant think. Theys too much. Tom said lamely, Hell be awright, Ma. Hes a funny kind a fella. T ' Ma turned stunned eyes toward the river. I jus cant seem to think no more. The Grapes of Wrath 295 Tom looked down the line of tents and he saw Ruthie and Winfield standing in front of a tent in decorous conversation with someone inside. Ruthie was twisting her skirt in her hands, while Winfield dug a hole in the ground with his toe. Tom called, 1 011, Ruthie! She looked up and saw him and trotted toward him, with Winfield behind her. When she came up, Tom said, You go get our folks. Theyre sleepin down the willows. Get em. An you, WinfieP. You tell the Wilsons were gonna get rollin soon as we can. The chil- dren spun around and charged off. Tom said, Ma, hows Granma now? Well, she got a sleep today. Maybe shes better. Shes still a-sleepin. Thas good. How much pork we got? Not very much. Quarter hog. Well, we got to fill that other kag with water. Got to take water along. They could hear Ruthies shrill cries for the men down in the willows. Ma shoved willow sticks into the fire and made it crackle up about the black pot. She said, I pray God we gonna get some res. I pray Jesus we gonna lay down in a nice place. The sun sank toward the baked and broken hills to the west. The pot over the fire bubbled furiously. Ma went under the tarpaulin and came out with an apronful of pota- toes, and she dropped them into the boiling water. I pray God w T e gonna be let to wash some clothes. We aint never been dirty like this. Dont even wash potatoes fore we boil em. I winder why? Seems like the hearts took out of us. The men came trooping up from the willows, and their eyes were full of sleep, and their faces were red and puffed with daytime sleep. 296 The Grapes of Wrath Pa said, What's a matter? We're goinV said Tom. Cop says we got to go. Mights well get her over. Get a good start an maybe well be through her. Near three hunderd miles where were goinh Pa said, I thought we was gonna get a rest. Well, we aint. We got to go. Pa, Tom said, Noah aint agoin. He walked on down the river. Aint goin? What the hells the matter with him? And then Pa caught himself. -My fault, he said miserably. That boys all my fault. . No. I dont wanta talk about it no more, said Pa. I cant my fault. Well, we got to go, said Tom. Wilson walked near for the last words. We cant go folks, lie said. Sairys done up. She got to res. She aint gonna git acrost that desert alive. They were silent at his words; then Tom said, Cop says hell run us in if were here tomorra. Wilson shook his head. His eyes were glazed with worry, and a paleness showed through his dark skin. Jus hafta do er, them Sairy cant go. If they jail us, why, theyll hafta jail us. She got to res an get strong. Pa said, Maybe we better wait an all go together. No, Wilson said. You been nice to us; you been kin 9 , but you cant stay here. You got to get on an get jobs and work. We aint gonna let you stay. Pa said excitedly, But you aint got nothing. Wilson smiled, Never had nothin when you took us up. This aint none of your business. Dont you make me git mean. You got to go, or Ill get mean an mad. The Grapes of Wrath 297 A4a beckoned Pa into the cover of the tarpaulin and spoke softly to him. Wilson turned to Casy. Sairy wants you should eo see her. Sure, said the preacher. He walked to the Wilson tent, tiny and gray, and he slipped the flaps aside and entered. It was dusky and hot inside. The mattress lay on the ground, and the equipment was scattered about, as it had been un- loaded in the morning. Sairy lay on the mattress, her eyes wide and bright. He stood and looked down at her, his large head bent and the stringy muscles of his neck tight along the sides. And he took off' his hat and held it in his hand. She said, Did my man tell ya we couldn go on? Thas what he said. Her low, beautiful voice went on, I wanted us to go. 1 knowed I wouldn live to the other side, but hed be acrost anyways. But he wont go. He don know. He thinks its gonna be all right. He don know. He says he wont go. I know, she said. An hes stubborn. I ast you to come to say a prayer. I aint a preacher, he said softly. My prayers aint no good. She moistened her lips. I was there when the ol man died. You said one then. It wasnt no prayer. It was a prayer, she said. It wasnt no preachers prayer. It was a good prayer. I want you should say one for me. I don know what to say. She closed her eyes for a minute and then opened them ,98 The Grapes of Wrath again. Then say one to yourself. Dont use no words to it Thatd be awright. 1 got no God, he said. You got a God. Dont make no difference if you doff know what he looks like. The preacher bowed his head. She ! watched him apprehensively. And when he raised his head again she looked relieved. Thats good, she said. Thats what I needed. Somebody close enough to pray. Fie shook his head as though to awaken himself. I don understaff this here, he said. And she replied, Yes you know, dont you? I know, he said, I know, but I dont understaff. Maybe youll res a few days an then come on. She shook her head slowly from side to side. Im jus pain covered with skin. I know what it is, but I wont tell him. Hed be too sad. He wouldff know what to do anyways. Maybe in the night, when hes a-sleepiff when he waked up It wont be so bad. You want I should stay with you an not go on? No, she said. No. When I was a little girl I use ta sing. Folks rouff about use ta say I sung as nice as Jenny Lind. Folks use ta come an listen when I sung. Aff when they stood an me a-singiff, why, me an them was together taoren you could ever know. I was thankful. There aint so many folks can feel so full up, so close, an them folks standiff there an me a-singiff. Thought maybe Id sing in theaters, but I never done it. An Im glad. They wasnt nothin got in between me an them. Aff thats why I wanted you to pray. I wanted to feel that clostness, oncet more. Its the same thing, singiff an prayin, jus 5, the same thing. I wisht you could a-heerd me sing. He looked down at her, into her eyes. Good-by, he said. The Grapes of Wrath 299 She shook her head slowly back and forth and closed her lips tight. And the preacher went out of the dusky tent into the blinding light. The men were loading up the truck, Uncle John on top, while the others passed equipment up to him. He stowed Iv carefully, keeping the surface level Ma emptied the quarter of a keg of salt pork into a pan, and Tom and A1 took both little barrels to the river and washed them. They tied them to the running boards and carried water in buckets to fill them. Then over the tops they tied canvas to keep them from slop- ping the water out. Only the tarpaulin and Granmas mat- tress were left to be put on. Tom said, With the load -well take, this oF wagonll boil her head off. We got to have plenty water. Ma passed the boiled potatoes out and brought the half sack from the tent and put it with the pan of pork. The family ate standing, shuffling their feet and tossing the hot potatoes from hand to hand until they cooled. Ma went to the Wilson tent and stayed for ten minutes, and then she came out quietly. Its time to go, she said.  The men went under the tarpaulin. Granma still slept, her mouth wide open. They lifted the whole mattress gently and passed it up on top of the truck. Granma drew up her skinny . legs and frowned in her sleep, but she did not awaken. Uncle John and Pa tied the tarpaulin over the cross-piece, making a little tight tent on top of the load. They lashed it down to the side-bars. And then they were ready. Pa took out his purse and dug two crushed bills from it. He went to Wilson and held them out. We want you should take this, an he pointed to the pork and potatoes an that. Wilson hung his head and shook it sharply. I ain a-gonna do it, he said. You aint got muck 3oo The Grapes of Wrath Got enough to get there, said Pa. We aint left it all Well have work right off. 1 aint a-gonna do it, Wilson said. Ill git mean if you try. Ma took the two bills from Pas hand. She folded them neatly and put them on the ground and placed the pork pan over them. Thats where theyll be, she said. If you don get em, somebody else will. Wilson, his head still down, turned and went to his tent; he stepped inside and the flaps fell behind him For a few moments the family waited, and then, We got to go, said Tom. Its near four, I bet. The family climbed on the track, Ma on top, beside Granma. Tom and A1 and Pa in the seat, and Winfield on Pas lap. Connie and Rose of Sharon made a nest against the cab. The preacher and Uncle John and Ruthie were in a tangle on the load. Pa called, Good-by, Mister and Mis Wilson. There was no answer from the tent. Tom started the engine and the i road toward Needles and the highway, Ma looked back, Wil- son stood in front of his tent, staring after them, and his hat was in his hand. The sun fell full on his face. Ma waved her hand at him, but he did not respond. Tom kept the track in second gear over the rough road, to protect the springs. At Needles he drove into a service station, checked the worn tires for air, checked the spares tied to the back. He had the gas tank filled, and he bought two five-gallon cans of gasoline and a two-gallon can of oil He filled the radiator, begged a map, and studied it. The service-station boy, in his white uniform, seemed un The Grapes of Wrath 301 easy until the bill was paid. He said, You people sure have got nerve. Tom looked up from the map. What you mean? Well, crossin in a jalopy like this. You been acrost? Sure, plenty, but not in no wreck like this. Tom said, If we broke down maybe somebodyd give us a han.  Well, maybe. But folks are kind of scared to stop at night. Id hate to be doing it. Takes more nerve than Ive got. Tom grinned. It dont take no nerve to do somepin when there aint nothin else you can do. Well, thanks. W r ell drag on. And he got in the truck and moved away. The boy in white went into the iron building where his helper labored over a book of bills. Jesus, what a hard-look- ing outfit!  Them Okies? Theyre all hard-lookin. Jesus, Id hate to start out in a jalopy like that. Well, you and me got sense. Them goddamn Okies got no sense and no feeling. They aint human. A human being wouldnt live like they do. A human being couldnt stand it to be so dirty and miserable. They aint a hell of a lot better than gorillas. Just the same Im glad I aint crossing the desert in no Hudson Super-Six. She sounds like a threshing machine. The other boy looked down at his book of bills. And a big drop of sweat rolled down his finger and fell on the pink bills. You know, they dont have much trouble. Theyre so goddamn dumb they dont know its dangerous. And, Christ Almighty, they dont know any better than what they gor. Why worrv?  3 02 The Gxapes of Wrath Tm not worrying. Just thought if it was me, I wouldn't like it. "Thats cause you know better. They dont know any bet- ter. And he wiped the sweat from the pink bill with his sleeve. The truck took the road and moved up the long hill, through the broken, rotten rock. The engine boiled very soon and Tom slowed down and took it easy. Up the long slope, winding and twisting through dead country, burned white and gray, and no hint of life in it.. Once Tom stopped for a few moments to let the engine cool, and then he trav- eled on. They topped the pass while the sun was still up, and looked down on the desert black cinder mountains in the distance, and the yellow sun reflected on the gray desert. The little starved bushes, sage and greasewood, threw bold shadows on the sand and bits of rock. The glaring sun was straight ahead. Tom held his hand before his eyes to see at all. They passed the crest and coasted down to cool the engine. They coasted down the long sweep to the floor of the desert, and the fan turned over to cool the water in the radiator. In the drivers seat, Tom and A1 and Pa, and Winfield on Pas knee, looked into the bright descending sun, and their eyes were stony, and their brown faces were damp with perspiration. The burnt land and the black, cindery hills broke the even distance and made it terrible in the reddening light of the setting sun. A1 said, Jesus, what a place. Howd you like to walk acrost her? . People done it, said Tom. Lots a, people done it; an if,, they could, we could. Lots must a died, said AL 33 The Grapes of Wrath Weil, we aint come out exacly clean. A1 was silent for a while, and the reddening desert swept past. Think well ever see them Wilsons again? A1 asked. Tom flicked his eyes down to the oil gauge. I got a hunch nobody aint gonna see Mis Wilson for long. Jus a hunch I got- Winfield said, Pa, I wanta get out. Tom looked over at him. Mights well let everbody our fore we settle down to drivin tonight. He slowed the car and brought it to a stop. Winfield scrambled out and urinated at the side of the road. Tom leaned out. Anybody else? Were holdin our water up here, Uncle John called. Pa said, Winfiel , you crawl up on top. You put my legs to sleep a-settin on em. The little boy buttoned his over- alls and obediently crawled up the back board and on his hands and knees crawled over Granmas mattress and for- ward to Ruthie. The truck moved on into the evening, and the edge of the sun struck the rough horizon and turned the desert red. Ruthie said, Wouldn leave you set up there, huh? I didn want to. It wasnt so nice as here. Couldn lie down. Well, cion you bother me, a-squawkin an a-talkin, Ruthie said,  cause Im goin to sleep, an when I wake up, we gonna be there! Cause Tom said so! Gonna seem funny to see pretty country. The sun went down and left a great halo in the sky. And it grew very dark under the tarpaulin, a long cave with light at each end a flat triangle of light. Connie and Rose of Sharon leaned back against the cab, and the hot wind tumbling through the tent struck the backs of their heads, and the tarpaulin whipped and drummed 304 The Grapes of Wrath above them. They spoke together in low tones, pitched to the drumming canvas, so that no one could hear them. When Connie spoke he turned his head and spoke into her ear, and she did the same to him. She said, Seems like we wasnt never gonna do nothin but move. Im so tard. He turned his head to her ear. Maybe in the momin Howd you like to be alone now? In the dusk his hand moved out and stroked her hip. She said, Dont. Youll make me crazy as a loon. Dont do that. And she turned her head to hear his response. Maybe when everbodys asleep. Maybe, she said. But wait till they get to sleep. Youll make me crazy, an maybe they wont get to sleep. I cant hardly stop, he said. I know. Me neither. Les talk about when we get there; an you move away fore I get crazy. He shifted away a little. Well, Ill get to studyin nights right off, he said. She sighed deeply. Gonna get one a them books that tells about it an cut the coupon, right off. How long, you think? she asked. How long what? How long fore youll be makin big money an 5 we goi Cant tell, he said importantly. Cant really rightly tell Fella oughta be studied up pretty good fore Christmus. Soons you get studied up we could get ice an stuff, I chuckled. Its this here heat, he said. What you gonna need ice roun Christmus for? But Id like ice any time. Now The Grapes of Wrath 305 the soft sky, stars stabbing and sharp, with few points and rays to them, and the sky was velvet. And the heat changed. W hile the sun was up, it was a beating, flailing heat, but now the heat came from below, from the earth itself, and the heat was thick and muffling. The lights of the truck came on, and they illuminated a little blur of highway ahead, and a strip of desert on either side of the road. And sometimes eyes gleamed in the lights far ahead, but no animal showed in the lights. It was pitch dark under the canvas now. Uncle John and the preacher were curled in the middle of the truck, rest- ing on their elbows, and staring out the back triangle. They could see the two bumps that were Ma and Granma against the outside. They could see Ma move occasionally, and her dark arm moving against the outside. Uncle John talked to the preacher. Casy, he said, youre a fella oughta know what to do. What to do about what? I dunno, said Uncle John. Casy said, Well, thats gonna make it easy for me! Well, you been a preacher. Look, John, everbody takes a crack at me cause I been a preacher. A preacher aint nothin but a man. Yeah, but-hes-a kind of a man, else he wouldn be a preacher. I wanna ast you- well, you think a fella could bring bad luck to folks?  I dunno, said Casy. I dunno. Well see I was married fine, good girl An one night she got a pain in her stomach. An she says, You better get a doctor. An I says, Hell, you jus et too much.  Uncle John put his hand on Casys knee and he peered through the darkness at him. She give me a look. An she groaned all night, an she died the next afternoon. The preacher mum- 30 6 The Grapes of Wrath bled something. You see, John went on, I kilt her. Arf sence then I tried to make it up-mosly to kids. An I tried to be good, an I cant. I get drunk, an I go wild. Everbody goes wild, said Casy. I do too. Yeah, but you aint got a sin on your soul like me. Casy said gently, Sure I got sins. Everbody got sins. A. sin is somepin you aint sure about. Them people thats sure about everthing an aint got no sin-well, with that kind a son-of-a-bitch, if I was God Id kick their ass right outa heaven! I couldn stand em! Uncle John said, I got a feelin Im bringin bad luck to my own folks. I got a feelin I oughta go away an let em be. I aint comftable bein like this. Casy said quickly, I know this a man got to do what he got to do. I cant tell you. I cant tell you. I dont think theys luck or bad luck. Ony one thing in this worl Im sure of, an thats Im sure nobody got a right to mess with a fellas life. He got to do it all hisself. Help him, maybe, but not tell him what to do. Uncle John said disappointedly, Then you don know? I don know. You think it was a sin to let my wife die like that? Well, said Casy, for anybody else it was a mistake, but if you think it was a sin then its a sin. A fella builds his own sins right up from the groun. I got to give that a goin-over, said Uncle John, and he rolled on his back and lay with his knees pulled up. The truck moved on over the hot earth, and the hours passed. Ruthie and Winfield went to sleep. Connie loosened a blanket from the load and covered himself and Rose of Sharon with it, and in the heat they struggled together, and held their breaths And after a time Connie threw off the The Grapes of Wrath 307 blanket and the hot tunneling wind felt cool on their wet bodies. On the back of the truck Ma lay on the mattress beside Granina, and she could not see with her eyes, but she could feel the struggling body and the struggling heart; and the sobbing breath was in her ear. And Ma said over and over, All right. Its gonna be all right. And she said hoarsely, You know the family got to get acrost. You know that. Uncle John called, You all right? It was a moment before she answered. All right. Guess 1 dropped off to sleep. And after a time Granma was still, and Ma lay rigid beside her. The night hours passed, and the dark was in against the truck. Sometimes cars passed them, going west and away; and sometimes great trucks came up out of the west and rumbled eastward. And the stars flowed down in a slow cas- cade over the western horizon. It was near midnight when they neared Daggett, where the inspection station is. The road was floodlighted there, and a sign illuminated, KEEP RIGHT AND STOP. The officers loafed in the office, but they came out and stood under the long covered shed when Tom pulled in. One officer put down the license number and raised the hood. Tom asked, Whats this here? Agricultural inspection. We got to look over your stuff. Got any vegetables or seeds? No, said Tom. Well, we got to look over your stuff. You got to unload. Now Ma climbed heavily down from the truck. Her face was swollen and her eyes were hard. Look, mister. We got a sick ol lady. We got to get her to a doctor. We cant wait. She seemed to fight with hysteria. You cant make us wait. 3,08 The Grapes of Wrath Yeah? Well, we got to look yon over. u l swear we aint got any thing! Ma cried. I swear it. An Granmas awful sick. You dont look so good yourself, the officer said. Ma pulled herself up the back of the track, hoisted herself with huge strength. Look, she said. The officer shot a flashlight beam up on the old shrunken face. By God, she is, he said. You swear you got no seeds or fruits or vegetables, no corn, no oranges? No, no. I swear it! Then go ahead. You can get a doctor in Barstow. Thatc only eight miles. Go on ahead. Tom climbed in and drove on. The officer turned to his companion. I couldn hold em. Maybe it was a bluff, said the other. Oh, Jesus, no! You should of seen that oF womans face. That wasnt no bluff. Tom increased his speed to Barstow, and in the little town he stopped, got out, and walked around the track. Ma leaned out. Its awright, she said. I didn wanta stop there, fear we wouidn get acrost. Yeah! But hows Granma? Shes aw T right awright. Drive on. We got to get acrost. Tom shook his head and walked back. Ai, he said, Im gonna fill her up, an then you drive some. He pulled to an all-night gas station and filled the tank and the radiator, and filled the crank case. Then Al slipped under the wheel and Tom took the outside, with Pa in the middle. They drove away into the darkness and the little hills near Barstow were behind them. Tom said, I don know whats got into Ma. Shes flighty as a dog with a flea in Ms ear. Wouidn a took long to look The Grapes of Wrath 309 over the stuff. An she says Granma's sick; an now she says Granmas awright. I cant ger her out. She aint right. Spose she wore her brains out on the trip. Pa said, Alas almost like she was when she was a girl. She was a wild one then. She wasn scairt of nothin. I thought havin all the kids an workin took it out a her, but I guess it aint. Christ! When she got that jack handle back there, I tell you I wouldn wanna be the fella took it away from her. I dunno whats got into her, Tom said. Maybe shes jus ! tard out. A1 said, I wont be doin no weepin an a-moanin to get through. I got this goddamn car on my soul. Tom said, Well, you done a damn good job a pickin. We aint had hardly no trouble with her at all. All night they bored through the hot darkness, and jack- rabbits scuttled into the lights and dashed away in long jolt- ing leaps. And the dawn came up behind them when the lights of Mojave were ahead. And the dawn showed high mountains to the west. They filled with water and oil at Mojave and crawled into the mountains, and the dawn was about them. Tom said, Jesus, the deserts past! Pa, Al, for Christ, sakes! The deserts past! Im too goddamn tired to care, said Al. Want me to drive? No, wait awhile. They drove through Tehachapi in the morning glow, and the sun came up behind them, and then suddenly they saw the great valley below them. Al jammed on the brake and stopped in the middle of the road, and, Jesus Christ! Look! he said. The vineyards, the orchards, the great flat valley, green and beautiful, the trees set in rows, and me rarm houses. And Pa said, God Almighty! The distant cities, the little towns in the orchard land, and the morning sun, golden on the valley. A car honked behind them. A1 pulled to the side of the road and parked. I want ta look at her. The grain fields golden in the morning, and the willow lines, the eucalyptus trees in rows. Pa sighed, I never knowed they was anything like her. The peach trees and the walnut groves, and the dark green patches of oranges. And red roofs among the trees, and barns -rich barns. A1 got out and stretched his legs. He called, Ma come look. Were there! Ruthie and Winfield scrambled down from the car, and then they stood, silent and awestruck, embarrassed before the great valley. The distance was thinned with haze, and the Sand grew softer and softer in the distance. A windmill flashed in the sun, and its turning blades were like a little heliograph, far away. Ruthie and Winfield looked at it, and Ruthie whispered, Its California. Winfield moved his lips silently over the syllables. Theres fruit, he said aloud. Casy and Uncle John, Connie and Rose of Sharon climbed down. And they stood silently. Rose of Sharon had started ro brush her hair back, when she caught sight of the valley and her hand dropped slowly to her side. Tom said, Wheres Ma? I want Ma to see it. Look, Ma! Come here, Ma. Ma was climbing slowly, stiffly, down the back board. Tom looked at her. My God, Ma, you sick? Her face was stiff and putty-like, and her eyes seemed to have sunk deep into her head, and the rims were red with The Grapes of Wrath 3 1 1 weariness. Her feet touched the ground and she braced her- self by holding the truck-side. Her voice was a croak. Ya say were acrost? Tom pointed to the great valley. Look! She turned her head, and her mouth opened a little. Her fingers went to her throat and gathered a little pinch of skin and twisted gently. Thank God! she said. The famblys here. Her knees buckled and she sat down on the ru nnin g board. ' You sick, Ma? No, jus tard. Didn you get no sleep? No. Was Granma bad? Ma looked down at her hands, lying together like tired lovers in her lap. I wisht I could wait an not tell you. f wisht it could be all nice. Pa said, Then Granmas bad. Ma raised her eyes and looked over the valley. Granma-, dead. They looked at her, all of them, and Pa asked, When? Before they stopped us las night. So thats why you didn want em to look. I was afraid we wouldn get acrost, she said. I tol Granma we couldn hep her. The fambly had ta get acrost. I tol her, tol her when she was a-dyin. We couldn stop in the desert. There was the young ones-an Rosasharns baby. I tol her. She put up her hands and covered her face for a moment. She can get buried in a nice green place, Ma said softly. Trees aroun an a nice place. She got to lay her head down in California. 3 1 2 The Grapes of Wrath The family looked at Ma with a little terror at her strength. Tom said, Jesus Christ! You layin there with her all night long! The fambly hadda get acrost, Ma said miserably. Tom moved close to put his hand on her shoulder. Don touch me, she said. Ill hoi up if you don touch me. Thatd get me. Pa said, We got to go on now. We got to go on down. Ma looked up at him. Can-can I set up front? I don wanna go back there no more  Im tard. Im awful tar d. They climbed back on the load, and they avoided the long stiff figure covered and tucked in a comforter, even the head covered and tucked. They moved to their places and tried to keep their eyes from it from the hump on the comfort that would be the nose, and the steep cliff that would be the jut of the chin. They tried to keep their eyes away, and they could not. Ruthie and Winfield, crowded in a forward cor- ner as far away from the body as they could get, stared at the tucked figure. And Ruthie whispered, Thas Granma, an shes dead. Winfield nodded solemnly. She aint breathin at all. Shes awful dead. And Rose of Sharon said softly to Connie, She was a- dyin right when we   Howd we know? he reassured her. Al climbed on the load to make room for Ma in the seat. And Al swaggered a little because he was sorry. He plumped down beside Casy and Uncle John. Well, she was ol. Guess her time was up, Al said. Everbody got to die. Casy and Uncle John turned eyes expressionlessly on him and looked at him as though he were a curious talking bush. Well, The Grapes of Wrath 3 1 3 aint they?  he demanded. And the eyes looked away, leav- ing AI sullen and shaken Casy said in wonder, All night long, an she was alone. And he said, John, there's a w T oman so great with love she scares me. Makes me afraid an 5 mean. John asked, Was it a sin? Is they any part of it you might call a sin? Casy turned on him in astonishment, A sin? No, there aint no part of it thats a sin. I aint never done nothin that wasnt part sin, said John, and he looked at the long wrapped body. Tom and Ma and Pa got into the front seat. Tom let the truck roll and started on compression. And the heavy truck moved, snorting and jerking and popping down the hill. The sun was behind them, and the valley golden and green before them. Ma shook her head slowly from side to side. Its purty, she said. I wisht they could of saw it. I wisht so too, said Pa. Tom patted the steering wheel under his hand. They was too old, he said. They wouldnt of saw nothin thats here. Grampa would a been a-seein the Injuns an the prairie coun- try when he was a young fella. An Granma would a remem- bered an seen the first home she lived in. They was too or. Whos really seein it is Ruthie an Winfiel. Pa said, Heres Tommy talkin like a growed-ap man, talkin like a preacher almos. And Ma smiled sadly. He is. Tommys growed way up Vay up so I cant get aholt of im sometimes. They popped down the mountain, twisting and looping, losing the valley sometimes, and then finding it again. And the hot breath of the valley came up to them, with hot green smells on it, and with resinous sage and tarweed smells. The 314 The Grapes of Wrath crickets crackled along the road. A rattlesnake crawled across the road and Tom hit it and broke it and left it squirming. Tom said, I guess we got to go to the coroner, wherever lie is. We got to get her buried decent. How much money might be lef, Pa? w Bout forty dollars, said Pa. Tom laughed. Jesus, are we gonna start clean! We sure aint bringin nothin with us. He chuckled a moment, and then his face straightened quickly. He pulled the visor of his cap down low over his eyes. And the truck rolled down the mountain into the great valley. Chapter Nineteen O NCE California belonged to Mexico and its land to Mexicans; and a horde of tattered feverish Ameri- cans poured in. And such was their hunger for land that they took the land-stole Sutters land, Guerreros land, took the grants and broke them up and growled and quar- reled over them, those frantic hungry men; and they guarded with guns the land they had stolen. They put up houses and barns, they turned the earth and planted crops. And these things were possession, and possession was ownership. The Mexicans were weak and fed. They could not resist, because they wanted nothing in the world as frantically as the Americans wanted land. Then, with time, the squatters were no longer squatters, but owners; and their children grew up and had children on the land. And the hunger was gone from them, the feral hun- ger, the gnawing, tearing hunger for land, for water and earth and the good sky over it, for the green thrusting grass, for the swelling roots. They had these things so completely that they did not know about them any more. They had no more the stomach-tearing lust for a rich acre and a shining blade to plow it, for seed and a windmill beating its wings in the air. They arose in the dark no more to hear the sleepy birds first chittering, and the morning wind around the house while they waited for the first light to go out to the dear acres. These things were lost, and crops were reckoned 3i 6 The Grapes of Wrath in dollars, and land was valued by principal plus interest, and crops were bought and sold before they were planted. Then crop failure, drought, and flood were no longer little deaths within life, but simple losses of money. And all their love was thinned with money, and all "their fierceness dribbled away in interest until they were no longer farmers at all, but little shopkeepers of crops, little manufacturers who must sell before they can make. Then those farmers who were not good shopkeepers lost their land to good shopkeepers. No matter how clever, how loving a man might be with earth and growing things, he could not survive if he were not also a good shopkeeper. And as time went on, the busi- ness men had the farms, and the farms grew larger, but there were fewer of them. Now farming became industry, and the owners followed Rome, although they did not know it. They imported slaves, although they did not call them slaves Chinese, Japanese, Mexicans, Filipinos. They live on rice and beans, the business men said. They dont need much. They wouldnt know what to do with good wages. Why, look how they live. Why, look what they eat. And if they get funny deport them. And all the time the farms grew larger and the owners fewer. And there were pitifully few farmers on the land any more. And the imported serfs were beaten and frightened and starved until some went home again, and some grew fierce and were killed or driven from the country. And the farms grew larger and the owners fewer. And the crops changed. Fruit trees took the place of grain fields, and vegetables to feed the world spread out on the bottoms lettuce, cauliflower, artichokes, potatoes stoop crops. A man may stand to use a scythe, a plow, a pitchfork; but he must crawl like a bug between the rows of lettuce, he The Grapes of Wrath 317 must bend his back and pull his long bag between the cotton rows, he must go on his knees like a penitent across a cauli- flower patch. And it came about that owners no longer worked on their farms. They farmed on paper; and they forgot the land, the smell, the feel of it, and remembered only that they owned it, remembered only what they gained and lost by it. And some of the farms grew so large that one man could not even conceive of them any more, so large that it took batter- ies of bookkeepers to keep track of interest and gain and loss; chemists to test the soil, to replenish; straw bosses to see that the stooping men were moving along the rows as swiftly as the material of their bodies could stand. Then such a farmer really became a storekeeper, and kept a store. He paid the men, and sold them food, and took the money back. And after a while he did not pay the men at all, and saved book- keeping. These farms gave food on credit. A man might work and feed himself; and when the work was done, he might find that he owed money to the company. And the owners not only did not work the farms any more, many of them had never seen the farms they owned. And then the dispossessed were drawn west from Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, New Mexico; from Nevada and Arkansas families, tribes, dusted out, tractored out. Carloads, caravans, homeless and hungry; twenty thousand and fifty thousand and a hundred thousand and two hundred thousand. They streamed oyer the mountains, hungry and restless restless as ants, scurrying to find work to do to lift, to push, to pull, to pick, to cut anything, any burden to bear, for food. The kids are hungry. We got no place to live. Like, ants scurrying for work, for food, and most of all for land. We aint foreign. Seven generations back Americans, and 3 1 8 The Grapes of Wrath beyond that Irish, Scotch, English, German. One of our folks in the Revolution, an they was lots of our folks in the Civil War both sides. Americans. They were hungry, and they were fierce. And they had hoped to find a home, and they found only hatred. Okies the owners hated them because the owners knew they were soft and the 3 kies strong, that they were fed and the Okies hungry; nd perhaps the owners had heard from their grand- fathers how easy it is to steal land from a soft man if you are fierce and hungry and armed. The owners hated them. And in the towns, the storekeepers hated them because they had no money to spend. There is no shorter path to a store- keepers contempt, and all his admirations are exactly oppo- site. The town men, little bankers, hated Okies because there was nothing to gain from them. They had nothing. And the laboring people hated Okies because a hungry man must work, and if he must work, if he has to work, the wage payer automatically gives him less for his work; and then no one can get more. And the dispossessed, the migrants, flowed into California, two hundred and fifty thousand, and three hundred thou- sand. Behind them new tractors were going on the land and the tenants were being forced off. And new waves were on the way, new waves of the dispossessed and the homeless, hardened, intent, and dangerous. And while the Californians wanted many things, accumu- lation, social success, amusement, luxury, and a curious bank- ing security, the new barbarians wanted only two things- iand and food; and to them the two were one. And whereas the wants of the Californians were nebulous and undefined, the wants of the Okies were beside the roads, lying there to be seen and coveted the good fields with water to be dug The Grapes of Wrath 3 1 9 for, the good green fields, earth to crumble experimentally m the hand, grass to smell, oaten stalks to chew until the sharp sweetness was in the throat. A man might look at a fallow field and know, and see in his mind that his own bend- ing back and his own straining arms would bring the cab- bages into the light, and the golden eating corn, the turnips and carrots. And a homeless hungry man, driving the roads with his wife beside him and his thin children in the back seat, could look at the fallow fields which might produce food but not profit, and that man could know how a fallow field is a sin and the unused land a crime against the thin children. And such a man drove along the roads and knew temptation at every field, and knew the lust to take these fields and make them grow strength for his children and a little comfort for his wife. The temptation was before him always. The fields goaded him, and the company ditches with good water flow- ing were a goad to him. And in the south he saw the golden oranges hanging on the trees, the little golden oranges on the dark green trees; and guards with shotguns patrolling the lines so a man might not pick an orange for a thin child, oranges to be dumped if the price was low. He drove his old car into a town. He scoured the farms for work. Where can we sleep the night? Well, theres Hooverville on the edge of the river. Theres a whole raft of Okies there. He drove his old car to Hooverville. He never asked again, for there was a Hooverville on the edge of every town. The rag town lay close to water; and the houses were tents, and weed-thatched enclosures, paper houses, a great junk pile. The man drove his family in and became a citizen 320 The Grapes of Wrath of Hooverville always they were called Hooverville. The man put up his own tent as near to water as he could get; or if he had no tent, he went to the city dump and brought back cartons and built a house of corrugated paper. And when the rains came the house melted and washed away. He settled in Hooverville and he scoured the countryside for work, and the little money he had went for gasoline to look for work. In the evening the men gathered and talked to- gether. Squatting on their hams they talked of the land they had seen. Theres thirty thousan acres, out west of here. Layin there. Jesus, what I could do with that, with five acres of that! Why, hell, Id have everthing to eat. Notice one thing? They aint no vegetables nor chickens nor pigs at the farms. They raise one thing cotton, say, or peaches, or lettuce. Nother placell be all chickens. They buy the stuff they could raise in the dooryard. Jesus, what I could do with a couple pigs! Well, it aint yourn, an it aint gonna be vourn. What we gonna do? The kids cant grow up this way. In the camps the word would come whispering, Theres work at Shafter. And the cars would be loaded in the night, the highways crowded a gold rush for work. At Shafter the people would pile up, five times too many to do the work. A gold rush for work. They stole away in the night, frantic for work. And along the roads lay the temptations, the fields that could bear food. Thats owned. That aint ourn. Well, maybe we could get a little piece of her. Maybe a little piece. Right down there a patch. Jimson weed now. Christ, I could git enough potatoes offn that little patch to feed my whole family! 321 The Grapes of Wrath It aint ourn. It got to have jimson weeds. Now and then a man tried; crept on the land and cleared a piece, trying like a thief to steal a little richness from the earth. Secret gardens hidden in the weeds. A package of carrot seeds and a few turnips. Planted potato skins, crept out in the evening secretly to hoe in the stolen earth. Leave the weeds around the edge then nobody can see what were a-doin. Leave some weeds, big tall ones, in the middle. Secret gardening in the evenings, and water carried in a rusty can. And then one day a deputy sheriff Well, what you think youre doin?' I aint doin no harm. I had my eye on you. This aint your land. Youre tres- passing. The land aint plowed, an I aint hurtin it none. You goddamned squatters. Pretty soon youd think you owned it. Youd be sore as hell. Think you owned it. Get off now. And the little green carrot tops were kicked off and the turnip greens trampled. And then the Jimson weed moved back in. But the cop was right. A crop raised-why, that makes ownership. Land hoed and the carrots eaten a man might fight for land hes taken food from. Get him off quick! Hell think he owns it. He might even die fighting for the  1 little plot among the Jimson weeds.  t Did ya see his face when we kicked them turnips out? Why, hed kill a fella soons hed look at him. We got to Y keep these here people down or theyll take the country. y J' Theyll take the country. Outlanders, foreigners. mm 322 The Grapes of Wrath Sure, they talk the same language, but they aint the same. Look how they live. Think any of us folksd live like that? Hell, no! In the evenings, squatting and talking. And an excited man Whvnt twenty of us take a piece of Ian? We got guns. Take it an 5 say, Put us off if you can. Whynt we do that? Theyd jus shoot us like rats. Well, whichd you ruther be, dead or here? Under groun 5 or in a house all made of gumiv sacks? Whichd you ruther for your kids, dead now or dead in two years with what they call malnutrition? Know what we et all week? Biled nettles an fried dough! Know where we got the flour for the dough? Swep the floor of a boxcar. Talking in the camps, and the deputies, fat-assed men with guns slung on fat hips, swaggering through the camps Give em somepin to think about. Got to keep em in line or Christ only knows what theyll do! Why, Jesus, theyre as dan- gerous as niggers in the South! If they ever get together there aint nothin thatll stop em. Quote In Lawrenceville a deputy sheriff evicted a squat- ter, and the squatter resisted, making it necessary for the officer to use force. The eleven-year-old son of the squatter shot and killed the deputy with a .22 rifle. Rattlesnakes! Dont take chances with em, an if they argue, shoot first. If a kidll kill a cop, whatll the men do? Thing is, get toughern they are. Treat em rough. Scare em. What if they wont scare? What if they stand up and take it and shoot back? These men were armed when they were children. A gun is an extension of themselves. 'What if they The Grapes of Wrath 323 wont scare? What if some time an army of them marches on the land as the Lombards did in Italy, as the Germans did on Gaul and the Turks did on Byzantium? They were Sand- liungry, ill-armed hordes too, and the legions could not stop them. Slaughter and terror did not stop them. How can you frighten a man whose hunger is not only in his own cramped stomach but in the wretched bellies of his children? You cant scare him he has known a fear beyond every other. In Hooverville the men talking Granipa took his lan from the Injuns. Now, this aint right. Were a-talkin here. This here youre talkin about is stealin. I aint no thief. No? You stole a bottle of milk from a porch night before last. An you stole some copper wire and sold it for a piece of meat. Yeah, but the kids was hungry. Its stealin, though. Know how the FairfieF ranch was got? Ill tell ya. It was all govment lan, an could be took up. OF FairfieF, he went into San Francisco to the bars, an he got him three hunderd stew bums. Them bums took up the lan. FairfieF kep em in food an whisky, an then when theyd proved the lan, oF FairfieF took it from em. He used to say the lan cost him a pint of rotgut an acre. Would you say that was stealin? Well, it wasnt right, but he never went to jail for it. No, he never went to jail for it. An the fella that put a boat in a wagon an made his report like it was all under water cause he went in a boat he never went to jail neither. An the fellas that bribed congressmen and the legislatures never went to jail neither. All over the State, jabbering in the Hoovervilles. And then the raids the swoop of armed deputies on the 324 The Grapes of Wrath squatters camps. Get out. Department of Health orders. This camp is a menace to health. Where we gonna go? Thats none of our business. We got orders to get you out of here. In half an hour we set fire to the camp. Theys typhoid down the line. You want ta spread it all over? We got orders to get you out of here. Now get! In half an hour we bum the camp. In half an hour the smoke of paper houses, of weed- thatched huts, rising to the sky, and the people in their cars rolling over the highways, looking for another Booverville. And in Kansas and Arkansas, in Oklahoma and Texas and New Mexico, the tractors moved in and pushed the tenants out. Three hundred thousand in California and more coming. And in California the roads full of frantic people running like ants to pull, to push, to lift, to work. For every manload to lift, five pairs of arms extended to lift it; for every stom- achful of food available, five mouths open. And the great owners, who must lose their land in an up- heaval, the great owners with access to history, with eyes to read history and to know the great fact when property accumulates in too few hands it is taken away. And that com- panion fact when a majority of the people are hungry and cold they will take by force what they need. And the little screaming fact that sounds through all history repression works only to strengthen and knit the repressed. The great owners ignored the three cries of history. The land fell into fewer hands, the number of the dispossessed increased, and every effort of the great owners was directed at repression The money was spent for arms, for gas to protect the great The Grapes of Wrath 325 holdings, and spies were sent to catch the murmuring of re j vo.lt so that it might be stamped out. The changing economy was ignored, plans for the change ignored; and only means to destroy revolt were considered, while the causes of revolt went on. The tractors which throw men out of work, the belt lines which carry loads, the machines which produce, all were increased; and more and more families scampered on the highways, looking for crumbs from the great holdings, lust- ing after the land beside the roads. The great owners formed associations for protection and tjiey met to discuss ways to intimidate, to kill, to gas. And always they were in fear of a principal three hundred thousand if they ever move under a leader the end. Three hundred thousand, hungry and mis- erable; if they ever know themselves, the land will be theirs and all the gas, all the rifles in the world wont stop them. And the great owners, who had become through their hold- ings both more and less than men, ran to their destruction, and used every means that in the long run would destroy them. Every little means, every violence, every raid on a Hooverville, every deputy swaggering through a ragged camp put off the day a little and cemented the inevitability of the day. The men squatted on their hams, sharp-faced men, lean from hunger and hard from resisting it, sullen eyes and hard jaws. And the rich land was around them. Dja hear about the kid in that fourth tent down? No, I jus 7 come in. Well, that kids been a-cryin in his sleep an a-rollin in his sleep. Them folks thought he got worms. So they give him a blaster, an he died. It was what they call black-tongue the kid had. Comes from not gettin good things to eat. 326 The Grapes of Wrath Poor little fella. Yeah, but them folks cant bury him. Got to go to the county stone orchard. Well, heh. And hands went into pockets and little coins came out. In front of the tent a little heap of silver grew. And the family found it there. Our people are good people; our people are kind people. Pray God some day kind people wont all be poor. Pray God some day a kid can eat. And the associations of owners knew that some day the praying would stop. And theres the end. i Chapter Twenty T HE family, on top of the load, the children and Connie and Rose of Sharon and the preacher were stiff and cramped. They had sat in the heat in front of the coroners office in Bakersfield while Pa and Ma and Uncle John went in. Then a basket was brought out and the long bundle lifted down from the truck. And they sat in the sun while the examination went on, while the cause of death was found and the certificate signed. A1 and Tom strolled along the street and looked in store windows and watched the strange people on the sidewalks. And at last Pa and Ma and Uncle John came out, and they were subdued and quiet. Uncle John climbed up on the load. Pa and Ma got in the seat. Tom and A1 strolled back and Tom got under the steering wheel. He sat there silently, waiting for some instruction. Pa looked straight ahead, his dark hat pulled low. Ma nibbed the sides of her mouth with her fingers, and her eyes were far away and lost, dead with weariness. Pa sighed deeply. They wasnt nothin else to do, he said. I know 7 -, said Ma. She would a liked a nice, funeral, though. She always wanted one. Tom looked sideways at them. County? he asked. Yeah, Pa shook his head quickly, as though to get back to some reality. We didn have enough. We couldffi of done 4 ? 3z 8 The Grapes of Wrath it He turned to Ma. You aint to feel bad. We couldn no matter how hard we tried, no matter what we done. We jus didn have it; embalming, an a coffin an a preacher, an a plot in a graveyard. It would of took ten times what we got, We done the bes we could. I know, Ma said. I jus cant get it outa my head what store she set by a nice funeral. Got to forget it. She sighed deeply and rubbed the side of her mouth. That was a purty nice fella in there. Awful bossy, but he was purty nice. Yeah, Pa said. He give us the straight talk, a wright. Ma brushed her hair back with her hand. Her jaw tight- ened, We got to git, she said. We got to find a place to stay. We got to get work an Settle down. No use a-lettin the little fellas go hungry. That wasnt never Granmas way. She always et a good meal at a funeral. Where we goin? Tom asked. Pa raised his hat and scratched among his hair. Camp," he said. We aint gonna spen what littles lef till we get work. Drive out in the country. Tom started the car and they rolled through the streets and out toward the country. And by a bridge they saw a col- lection of tents and shacks. Tom said, Mights well stop here. Find out whats doin, an where at the work is. He drove down a steep dirt incline and parked on the edge of the encampment. There was no order in the camp; little gray tents, shacks, cars were scattered about at random. The first house was nondescript. The south wall was made of three sheets of rusty corrugated iron, the east wall a square of moldy carpet tacked between two boards, the north wall a strip of roof- ing paper and a strip of tattered canvas, and the west wall six pieces of gunny sacking. Over the square frame, on un- The Grapes of Wrath 329 trimmed willow limbs, grass had been piled, not thatched, but heaped up in a low mound. The entrance, on the gunny- sack side, was cluttered with equipment. A five-gallon kero- sene can served for a stove. It was laid on its side, with a sec- tion of rusty stovepipe thrust in one end. A wash boiler rested on its side against the wall; and a collection of boxes lay about, boxes to sit on, to eat on. A Model T Ford sedan and a two-wheel trailer were parked beside the shack, and about the camp there hung a slovenly despair. Next to the shack there was a little tent, gray with weath- ering, but neatly, properly set up; and the boxes in front of it were placed against the tent wall. A stovepipe stuck out of the door flap, and the dirt in front of the tent had been swept and sprinkled. A bucketful of soaking clothes stood on a box. The camp was neat and sturdy. A Model A roadster and a little home-made bed trailer stood beside the tent. And next there was a huge tent, ragged, torn in strips and the tears mended with pieces of wire. The flaps were up, and inside four wide mattresses lay on the ground. A clothes line strung along the side bore pink cotton dresses and several pairs of overalls. There were forty tents and shacks, and beside each habitation some kind of automobile. Far down the line a few children stood and stared at the newly arrived truck, and they moved toward it, little boys in overalls and bare feet, their hair gray with dust. Tom stopped the truck and looked at Pa. She aint very purty, he said. Want to go somewheres else? Cant go nowheres else till we know where were at, Pa said. We got to ast about work. Tom opened the door and stepped out. The family climbed down from the load and looked curiously at the camp. Ruthie and Winfield, from the habit of the road, took 330 The Grapes of Wrath down the bucket and walked toward the willows, where there would be water; and the line of children parted for them and closed after them. The flaps of the first shack parted and a woman looked out. Her gray hair was braided, and she wore a dirty, flow- ered Mother Hubbard. Her face was wizened and dull, deep gray pouches under blank eyes, and a mouth slack and loose. Pa said, Can we jus pull up anywheres an camp? The head was withdrawn inside the shack. For a moment there was quiet and then the flaps were pushed aside and a bearded man in shirt sleeves stepped out. The woman looked out after him, but she did not come into the open. The bearded man said, Howdy, folks, and his restless dark eyes jumped to each member of the family, and from them to the truck to the equipment. Pa said, I jus ast your woman if its all right to set our stuff anywheres. The bearded man looked at Pa intently, as though he had said something very wise that needed thought. Set down anywheres, here in this place?  he asked. Sure. Anybody own this place, that we got to see fore ve can camp? The bearded man squinted one eye nearly closed and studied Pa. You wanta camp here? Pas irritation arose. The gray woman peered out of the burlap shack. What you think Im a-sayin? Pa said. Well, if you wanta camp here, why dont ya? I aint a-stoppin you. Tom laughed. He got it. Pa gathered his temper. I jus wanted to know does any- body own it? Do we got to pay? The Grapes of Wrath 3 3 1 The bearded man thrust out his jaw. Who owns it? he demanded. Pa turned away. The hell with it, he said. The womans head popped back in the tent. The bearded man stepped forward menacingly. Who owns it? he demanded. Whos gonna kick usouta here? You tell me'' Tom stepped in front of Pa. You better go take a good long sleep, he said. The bearded man dropped his mouth open and put a dirty finger against his lower gums. For a moment he continued to look wisely, speculatively at Tom. and then he turned on his heel and popped into the shack- after the gray woman. Tom turned on Pa. What the hell was that? he asked. Pa shrugged his shoulders. He was looking across the camp. In front of a tent stood an old Buick, and the head was off. A young man was grinding the valves, and as he twisted back and forth, back and forth, on the tool, he looked up at the Joad truck. They could see that he was laughing to him- self. When the bearded man haH gone, the young man left his work and sauntered over. Hare ya? he said, and his blue eyes were shiny with amusement. I seen you just met the Mayor. What the hells the matter with im? Tom demanded. The young man chuckled. Hes jus nuts like you an me. Maybe hes a little nutsern me, I don know. Pa said, I jus ast him if we could camp here. The young man wiped his greasy hands on his trousers. Sure. Why not? You folks jus come acrost? Yeah, said Tom. Jus got in this mornin. Never been in Hooverville before? 132 The Grapes of Wrath Wheres Hooverville? This heres her. Oh! said Tom. We jus got in. Winfield and Ruthie came back, carrying a bucket of water between them. Ma said, Les get the camp up. Fm tuckered out. Maybe we can ail rest. Pa and Uncle John climbed up on the truck to unload the canvas and the beds. Tom sauntered to the young man, and walked beside him back to the car he had been working on. The valve-grinding brace lay on the exposed block, and a little yellow can of valve-grinding compound was wedged on top of the vacuum tank. Tom asked, What the hell was the matter th that oF fella with the beard? The young man picked up his brace and went to work, twisting back and forth, grinding valve against valve seat. The Mayor? Chris knows. I guess maybe hes bull-simple. Whats 'bull-simple? I guess cops push im aroun so much hes still spinning. Tom asked, Why would they push a fella like that aroun r The young man stopped his work and looked in Toms eyes. Chris knows, he said. You jus come. Maybe you can figger her out. Some fellas says one thing, an some says another thing. But you jus camp in one place a little while, an you see how quick a deputy sheriff shoves you along. He lifted a valve and smeared compound on the seat. But what the hell for?  I tell ya I don know. Some says they don want us to vote; keep us movin so we cant vote. An some says so we cant get on relief. An some says if we set in one place wed The Grapes of Wrath 333 get organized. I don know why. I ony know we get rode ail the time. You wait, youll see. We aint no bums, Tom insisted. Were lookin for work. Well take any kind a work. The young man paused in fitting the brace to the valve slot. He looked in amazement at Tom. Lookin for work? he said. So youre lookin for work. What ya think ever- body else is lookin for? Dimonds? What you think I wore my ass down to a nub lookin for? He twisted the brace back and forth. Tom looked about at the grimy tents, the junk equipment, at the old cars, the lumpy mattresses out in the sun, at the blackened cans on fire-blackened holes where the people cooked. He asked quietly, Aint they no work? I don know. Mus be. Aint no crop right here now. Grapes to pick later, an cotton to pick later. Were a-movin on, soon s I get these here valves groun. Ale an my wife an 1 my kids. We heard they was work up north. Were shovin north, up aroun Salinas. Tom saw Uncle John and Pa and the preacher hoisting th tarpaulin on the tent poles and Ala on her knees inside, brush- ing off the mattresses on the ground. A circle of quiet chil- dren stood to watch the new family get settled, quiet chil- dren with bare feet and dirty faces. Tom said, Back home some fellas come through with hanbills  orange ones. Says they need lots a people out here to work the crops. The young man laughed. They say theys three hunderd thousan us folks here, an I bet ever dam famly seen them hanbills. Yeah, but if they don need folks, whatd they go to tha trouble puttin them things out for? 334 The Grapes of Wrath Use your head, why doncha? Yeah, but I wanta know. Look, the young man said. Spose you got a job a work, an theres jus one fella wants the job. You got to pay im what he asts. But spose theys a hunderd men. He put down his tool. His eyes hardened and his voice sharpened. Spose they's a hunderd men wants that job. Spose them men got kids, an them kids is hungry. Spose a lousy dimell buy a box a mush for them kids. Spose a nickelll buy at leas somepin for them kids. An you got a hunderd men. Jus offer em a nickel-why, theyll kill each other fightin for that nickel. Know what they was payin, las job I had? Fifteen cents an hour. Ten hours for a dollar an a half, an ya cant stay on the place. Got to burn gasoline gettin there. He was panting with anger, and his eyes blazed with hate, Thats why them hanbills was out. You can print a hell of a lot of hanbills with what ya save payin fifteen cents an hour for fiel work. Tom said, Thats stinkin. The young man laughed harshly. You stay out here a little while, an if you smell any roses, you come let me smell, too. But they is work, Tom insisted. Christ Almighty, with all this stuff a-gr owin orchards, grapes, vegetables I seen it. They got to have men. I seen all that stuff. A child cried in the tent beside the car. The young man went into the tent and his voice came softly through the canvas. Tom picked up the brace, fitted it in the slot of the valve, and ground away, his hand whipping back and forth. The childs crying stopped. The young man came out and watched Tom. You can do her, he said. Damn good thing. Youll need to. The Grapes of Wrath 335 I  How  bout wh t I said? Tom resumed. I seen all the i stuff growin 1 .  The young man squatted on his heels. Ill tell ya, he said j quietly. Theys a big son-of-a-bitch of a peach orchard I worked in. Takes nine men all the year roun. He paused impressively. Takes three thousan men for two weeks when them peaches is ripe. Got to have em or them peachesll rot.  So what do they do? They send out hanbills all over hell. They need three thousan, an they get six thousan. They get them men for what they wanta pay. If ya don wanta take j what they pay, goddamn it, theys a thousan men waitin for your job. So ya pick, an ya pick, an then shes done. Whole part a the countrys peaches. All ripe together. When ya get em picked, ever goddamn one is picked. There aint another damn thing in that part a the country to do. An then them owners don want you there no more. Three thousan of you. The works done. You might steal, you might get drunk, you might jus raise hell. An besides, you don look nice, livin in ol tents; an its a pretty country, but you stink it up. They don want you aroun. So they kick you out, they move you along. Thats how it is. Tom, looking down toward the joad tent, saw his mother, heavy and slow with weariness, build a little trash fire and put the cooking pots over the flame. The circle of children drew closer, and the calm wide eyes of the children watched every move of Mas hands. An old, old man with a bent back came like a badger out of a tent and snooped near, sniffing the air as he came. He laced his arms behind him and joined the children to watch Ma. Ruthie and Winfield stood near to ! Ma and eyed the strangers belligerently. Tom said angrily, Them peaches got to be picked right 336 The Grapes of Wrath  Course they do.  Well, spose them people got together an says, "Let em rot. Wouldn be long fore the price went up, by God! The young man looked up from the valves, looked sar- donically at Tom. Well, you figgered out somepin, didn you. Come right outa your own head. Tm tard, said Tom. Drove all night. I dont wanta start no argument. An Im so goddamn tard Fd argue easy. Don be smart with me. Im askin you. The young man grinned. I didn mean it. You aint been here. Folks figgered that out. An the folks with the peach orchard figgered her out too. Look, if the folks gets to- gether, theys a leader-got to be fella that does the talkin. Well, first time this fella opens his mouth they grab im an stick im in jail. An if theys another leader pops up, why, they stick Hm in jail. Tom said, Well, a fella eats in jail anyways. His kids dont. Howd you like to be in an your kids starvin to death? Yeah, said Tom slowly. Yeah. An heres another thing. Ever hear a the blacklist? Whats that? Well, you jus open your trap about us folks gettin to- gether, an youll see. They take your pitcher an send it all over. Then you cant get work nowhere. An if you got kids   Tom took off his cap and twisted it in his hands. So we take what we can get, huh, or we starve; an if we yelp we starve. The young man made a sweeping circle with his hand, and his hand took in the ragged tents and the rusty cars. Tom looked down at his mother again, where she sat The Grapes of Wrath 337 scraping potatoes. And the children had drawn closer. He said, I aint gonna take it. Goddamn it, I an my folks aint no sheep. 1 11 kick the hell outa somebody, Like a cop? Like anybody. . Youre nuts, said the young man. Theyll pick you right off. You got no name, no property. Theyll find you in a ditch, with the blood dried on your mouth an your nose. Be one little line in the paper-know what itll say? Vagrant foun dead. An thats all. Youll see a lot of them little lines, Vagrant foun dead. 5  Tom said, Theyll be somebody else foun dead right longside of this here vagrant.  on re nuts, said the young man. Wont be no good in that. Well, what you doin about it? He looked into the grease-streaked face. And a veil drew down over the eyes of the young man. Nothin. Where you from? Us? Right near Sallisaw, Oklahoma. Jus get in? Jus today. Gonna be aroun here long? Dont know. Well stay wherever we can get work Why? Nothin. And the veil came down again. Got to sleep up said Tom. Tomorra well go out lookin for work. You kin try. Tom turned away and moved toward the Joad tent. The young man took up the can of valve compound and dug his finger into it. Hi he called. 338 The Grapes of Wrath Tom turned. What yon want? I want ta tell ya. He motioned with his finger, on which a blob of compound stuck. I jus want ta tell ya. Don go lookin for no trouble. Member how that bull-simple guy looked? Fella in the tent up there? Yeah looked dumb no sense? What about him? Well, when the cops come in, an they come in all a time, thats how you want ta be. Dumb dont know nothin Dont understan nothin. Thats how the cops like us. Dont hit no cops. Thats jus suicide. Be bull-simple. Let them goddamn cops run over me, an me do nothin? No, looka here. Ill come for ya tonight. Maybe Fm wrong. Theres stools aroun all a time. Fm talcin a chancet, an I got a kid, too. But Fll come for ya. An if ya see a cop, why, youre a goddamn dumb Okie, see? Thas awright if were doin anythin, said Tom. Don you worry. Were doin somepin, ony we aint stickin our necks out. A kid starves quick. Two-three days for a kid. He went back to his job, spread the compound on a valve seat, and his hand jerked rapidly back and forth on the brace, and his face was dull and dumb. Tom strolled slowly back to his camp. Bull-simple, he said under his breath. ' Pa and Uncle Jphn came toward the camp, their arms loaded with dry willow sticks, and they threw them down by the fire and squatted on their hams. Got her picked over pretty good, said Pa. Had ta go a long ways for wood. He looked up at the circle of staring children. Lord God Almighty! he said. Whered you come from? All of the children looked self-consciously at their feet. The Grapes of Wrath 339 Guess they smelled the cookin, said Ma. Winfiel, get out from under foot. She pushed him out of her way. Got ta make us up a little stew, she said. We aint et' nothin' cooked right sence we come from home. Pa, you go up to the store there an get me some neck meat. Make a nice stew here. Pa stood up and sauntered away. A1 had the hood of the car up, and he looked down at the greasy engine. He looked up when Tom approached. You sure look happy as a buzzard, A1 said. Im jus gay as a toad in spring rain, said Tom. Looka the engine, A1 pointed. Purty good, huh? Tom peered in. Looks awright to me. A wright? Jesus, shes wonderful. She aint shot no oil nor nothin. He unscrewed a spark plug and stuck his fore- finger in the hole. Crusted up some, but shes dry. Tom said, You done a nice job a pickin. That what va want me to say? Well, I sure was scairt the whole way, figgerin shed bust down an itd be my fault. No, you done good. Better get her in shape, cause tomorra were goin out lookin for work. Shell roll, said Al. Dont you worry none about that. He took out a pocket knife and scraped the points of the sparkplug. Tom walked around the side of the tent, and he found Casy sitting on the earth, wisely regarding one bare foot. Tom sat down heavily beside him. Think shes gonna work? What? asked Casy. Them toes of yourn. Oh! Jus settin here a-thinkin. You always get good an comf table for it, said Tom. 34 The Grapes of Wrath  Casy waggled his big toe up and his second toe down, and lie smiled quietly. Hard enough for a fella to think' thout kinkin hisself up to do it. Aint heard a peep outa you for days, said Tom. Thinkin all the timer Yeah, thinkin all the time. Tom took off his cloth cap, dirty now, and ruinous, the visor pointed as a birds beak. He turned the sweat band out and removed a long strip of folded newspaper. Sweat so much shes shrank, he said. He looked at Casys waving toes. Could ya come down from your thinkin an listen a minute?   Casy turned his head on the stalk-like neck. Listen all the time. Thats why I been thinkin. Listen to people a-talkin, an purty soon 1 hear the way folks are feelin. Goin on all the time. I hear em an feel em; an theyre beating their wings like a bird in a attic. Gonna bust their wings on a dusty winda tryin ta get out. Tom regarded him with widened eyes, and then he turned and looked at a gray tent twenty feet away. Washed jeans and shirts and a dress hung to dry on the tent guys. He said softly, That was about what I was gonna tell ya. An you seen awready. I seen, Casy agreed. Theys a army of us without no harness. He bowled his head and ran his extended hand slowly up his forehead and into his hair. All along I seen it, he said. Ever place we stopped I seen it. Folks hungry for side-meat, an when they get it, they aint fed. An when theyd get so hungry they couldn stan it no more, why, theyd ast me to pray for em, an sometimes I done it. He clasped his hands around drawn-up knees and pulled his legs in. I use ta think thatd cut er he said. Use ta rip off a Ihe Grapes of Wrath 341 prayer an all the troublesd stick to that prayer like flies on flypaper, an the prayerd go a-sailin off, a-takin them trou- bles along. But it don work no more. Tom said, Prayer never brought in no side-meat. Takes a shoat to bring in pork. eah,  Casy said. An Almighty God never raised nc wages. These here folks want to live decent and brin" up their kids decent. An when theyre old they wanta set in the door an watch the downing sun. An when theyre young they wanta dance an sing an lay together. They wanta eat an get drunk and work. An thats it they wanta jus fling their goddamn muscles aroun an get tired. Christ! Whatm I talkin about?  I dunno, said Tom. Sounds kinda nice. When ya think you can get ta work an quit thinkin a spell? We got to o-et work. Moneys bout gone. Pa give five dollars to get a painted piece of board stuck up over Granma. We aint out much Jef. A lean brown mongrel dog came sniffing around the side of the tent. He was nervous and flexed to run. He sniffed dose before he was aware of the two men, and then looking up he saw them, leaped sideways, and fled, ears back, bony tail clamped protectively. Casy watched him go, dodging around a tent to get out of sight. Casy sighed. I aint doin nobody no good, he said. Me or nobody else. I was thinkin Id go off alone by myself. Im a-eatin your food an a-takin up room. An I aint give you nothin. Maybe I could get a steady job an maybe pay back some a the stuff youve give me. Tom opened his mouth and thrust his lower jaw forward, and he tapped his lower teeth with a dried piece of mustard stalk. His eyes stared over the camp, over the gray tents and 342 The Grapes of Wrath the shacks of weed and tin and paper. Wisht I had a sack a Durham, he said. I aint had a smoke in a hell of a time. Use ta get tobacco in McAlester. Almost wisht I was back. He tapped his teeth again and suddenly he turned on the preacher. Ever been in a jail house? No, said Casv- Never been. Dont go away right yet, said Tom. Not right yet. Quicker 1 get lookin for work-quicker Fm gonna find some. Tom studied him with half-shut eyes and he put on his cap again. Look, he said, this aint no Ian of milk an honey like the preachers say. Theys a mean thing here. The folks here is scared of us people cornin west; an so they got cops out tryin to scare us back. Yeah, said Casy. I know. What you ask about me bein in jail for? Tom said slowly, When youre in jail you get to kinda sensin stuff. Guys aint let to talk a hell of a lot together- two maybe, but not a crowd. An so you get kinda sensy. If somepins gonna bust if say a fellas goin stir-bugs an take a crack at a guard with a mop handle why, you know it fore it happens. An if theys gonna be a break or a riot, nobody dont have to tell ya. Youre sensy about it. You know. Yeah? Stick aroun, said Tom. Stick aroun rill tomorra any- ways. Somepins gonna come up. I was talkin to a kid up the road. An hes bein jus as sneaky an wise as a dog coyote, but hes too wise. Dog coyote a-mindin his own business an innocent an sweet, jus havin fun an no harm well, theys a hen roost dost by. Casy watched him intently, started to ask a question, and The Grapes of Wrath 343 then shut his mouth tightly. He waggled his toes slowly and, releasing his knees, pushed out his foot so he could see it. Yeah, he said, U I wont go right yet, Tom said, When a bunch a folks, nice quiet folks, dont know nothin 7 about nothin'  somepins gain on. Til stay, said Casy. An tomorra well go out in the truck an look for work. 'eahl said Casy, and he waved his toes up and down and studied them gravely. Tom settled back on his elbow and dosed his eyes. Inside the tent he could hear the murmur of Rose of Sharons voice and Connies answering. The tarpaulin made a dark shadow and the wedge-shaped light at each end was hard and sharp. Rose of Sharon lay on 1 mattress and Connie squatted beside her. I oughta help Ma, Rose of Sharon said. I tried, but ever time I stirred about I throwed up. Connies eyes were sullen. If Id of knowed it would be like this I wouldn of came. Id a studied nights bout tractors back home an got me a three-dollar job. Fella can live awful nice on three dollars a day, an go to the pitcher sltow ever night, too. Rose of Sharon looked apprehensive, Youre gonna study nights bout radios, she said. He was long in answering. Aint you? she demanded. Yeah, sure. Soons I get on my feet. Get a little money. She rolled up on her elbow, You aint givin it up! No no course not. But I didn know they was places like this we got to live in. The girls eyes hardened. You got to, she said quietly, Sure. Sure, I know. Got to get on my feet. Get a little money. Would a been better maybe to stay home an study but tractors. Three dollars a day they get, an pick up extra 344 The Grapes of Wrath money, too. Rose of Sharons eyes were calculating. When he looked down at her he saw in her eyes a measuring of him, a calculation of him. But Im gonna study. he said. Soons I get on my feet. She said fiercely, We got to have a house fore the baby comes. We aint gonna have this baby in no tent. Sure, he said. Soons I get on my feet. He went out of the tent and looked down at Ma, crouched over the brush fire. Rose of Sharon roiled on her back and stared at the top of the tent. And then she put her thumb in her mouth for a gag and she cried silently. . Ma knelt beside the fire, breaking twigs to keep die flame up under the stew kettle. The fire flared and dropped and flared and dropped. The children, fifteen of them, stood silently and watched. And when the smell of the cooking stew came to their noses, their noses crinkled slightly. The sunlight glistened on hair tawny with dust. The children were embarrassed to be there, but they did not go. Ma talked quietly to a little girl who stood inside the lusting circle. She was older than the rest. She stood on one foot, caressing the back of her leg with a bare instep. Her arms were clasped behind her. She watched Ma with steady small gray eyes. She suggested, I could break up some bresh if you want me, maam. Ma looked up from her work. You want ta get ast to eat, huh? Yes, maam, the girl said steadily. Ma slipped the twigs under the pot and the flame made a puttering sound. Didn you have no breakfast? No, maam. They aint no work hereabouts. Pas in tryin to sell some stuff to git gas sos we can git long. The Grapes of Wrath 345 Ma looked op. Dido 5 none of these here have no break- fast? The circle of children shifted nervously and looked away from the boiling kettle. One small boy said boastfully, I did -me ah my brother did an 5 them, two did, 'cause I seen 'em. We et good. Were a-goin south tonight. Ma smiled. a Then you aint hungry. They aint enough here to go around. The small boys lip stuck out. We et good, he said, and he turned and ran and dived into a tent. Ma looked after him so long that the oldest girl reminded her. a The fires down, maam. I can keep it up if you want, Ruthie and Winfield stood inside the circle, comporting themselves with proper frigidity and dignity. They were aloof, and at the same time possessive. Ruthie turned cold and angry eyes on the little girl. Ruthie squatted down to break up the twigs for Ma. Ma lifted the kettle lid and stirred the stew with a stick. Tm sure glad some of you aint hungry. That little fella aint, anyways. The girl sneered Oh, him! He was a-braggin. High an mighty. If he dont have no supper know what he doner Las night, come out an say they got chicken to eat. Well, sir, I looked in whilst they was a-eatin an it was fried dough jus like everbody else. Oh! And Ma looked down toward the tent where the small boy had gone. She looked back at the little girl HoW long you been in California?  she asked. Oh, bout six months. We lived in a govment mp a while, an then we went north, an when we come back it was full up. Thats a nice place to live, you bet -j 4 6 The Grapes of Wrath . Wheres that? Ma asked. And she took the sticks from Ruthies hand and fed the fire. Ruthie glared with hatred at the older girl Over by Weedpatch. Got nice toilets an baths, an you kin wash clothes in a tub, an theys water right handy, good drinkin water; an nights the folks plays music an Satdy night they give a dance. Oh, you never seen anything so nice. Got a place for kids to play, an them toilets with paper. Pull down a little jigger an the water comes right in the toilet, an they aint no cops let to come look in your tent any time they want, an the fella runs the camp is so polite, comes a-visitin an talks an aint high an mighty. I wisht we could go live there again. Ma said, I never heard about it. I sure could use a wash mb, I tell you. The girl went on excitedly, Why, God Awmighty, they got hot water right in pipes, an you get in under a shower bath an its warm. You never seen such a place. Ma said, All full now, ya say? Yeah. Las time we ast it was. Mus cost a lot, said Ma. Well, it costs, but if you aint got the money, they let you work it out-couple hours a week, cleanin up, an gar- bage cans. Stuff like that. An nights theys music an folks talks together an hot water right in the pipes. You never seen nothin so nice. Ma said, I sure wisht we could go there. Ruthie had stood all she could. She blurted fiercely, Granma died right on top a the truck. The girl looked questioningly at her. Well, she did, Ruthie said. An the oorner got her. She closed her lips tightly and broke up a little pile of sticks. The Grapes of Wrath 347 Winfield blinked at the boldness of the attack. Right on the truck, he echoed. Corner stuck her in a big basket. Ma said, You shush now, both of you, or you got to go away. And she fed twigs into the fire. Down the line A1 had strolled to watch the valve-grinding job. Looks like youre bout through, he said. Two more. Is they any girls in this here camp? I got a wife, said the young man. I got no time for girls. I always got time for girls, said Al. I got no time for nothin' else. You get a little hungry an youll change. AI laughed. Maybe. But I aint never changed that notion yet. Fella I talked to while ago, hes with you, aint he? Yeah! My brother Tom. Better not fool with him. He killed a fella. Did? What for? Fight. Fella got a knife in Tom. Tom busted im with a shovel. Did, huh? Whatd the law do?  Let im off cause it was a fight, said AL He dont look like a quarreler. Oh, he aint. But Tom dont take nothin from nobody. ATs voice was very proud. Tom, hes quiet. But-look out! Well I talked to im. He didn soun mean. He aint. Jus as nice as pie till hes roused, an then- look out. The young man ground at the last valve. Like me to hep you get them valves set an the head on? Sure, if you got nothin else to do. SttBp liiisis lfg 348 The Grapes of Wrath Oughta get some sleep, said Al. But, hell, I cant keep my bans out of a tore-down car. Jus got to git in. Well, Id admire to git a hand, said the young man. My names Floyd Knowles. Tm AI Joad. Proud to meet ya. Me too, said AL Gonna use the same gasket? Got to, said Floyd. Al took out his pocket knife and scraped at the block. Jesus! he said. They aint nothin I love like the guts of a engine. How bout girls? Yeah, girls too! Wisht I could tear down a Rolls an put her back. I looked under the hood of a Cad 16 one time an, God Awmighty, you never seen nothin so sweet in your life! In Sallisaw an heres this 16 a-standin in front of a restaurant, so I lifts the hood. An a guy comes out an says, What the hell you doin? I says, Jus lookin. Aint she swell? An he jus stands there. I dont think he ever looked in her before. Jus stands there. Rich fella in a straw hat. Got a stripe shirt on, an eye glasses. We don say nothin. Jus look. An purty soon he says, Howd you like to drive her? Floyd said, The hell! Sure Howd you like to drive her? Well, hell, I got on jeans all dirty. I says, Id get her dirty. Come on! he says. Jus take her roun the block. Well, sir, I set in that seat an I took her roun the block eight times, an, oh, my God Almighty! Nice? Floyd asked. Oh, Jesus! said AL If I could of tore her down why Fd a give anythin. The Grapes of Wrath 349 Floyd slowed his jerking arm. He lifted the last valve from its seat and looked at it. You better git use ta a jalopy, he said,  cause you aint goin a drive no 16  He put his brace down on the running board and took up a chisel to scrape the crust from the block. Two stocky women, bare-headed and bare-footed, went by carrying a bucket of milky water be- tween them. They limped against the weight of the bucket, and neither one looked up from the ground. The sun was half down in afternoon. A1 said, You dont like nothin much. Floyd scraped harder with the chisel. I been here six months, he said. I been scrabblin over this here State tryin to work hard enough and move fast enough to get meat an potatoes for me an my wife an my kids. Ive run myself like a jackrabbit an I cant quite make her. There just aint quite enough to eat no matter what I do. Fin gettin tired, thats all Im gettin tired way past where sleep rests me. An I jus don know what to do. Aint there no steady work for a fella? A1 asked. No, they aint no steady work. With his chisel he pushed the crust off the block, and he wiped the dull metal with a greasy rag. A rusty touring car drove down into the camp and there were four men in it, men with brown hard faces. The car drove slowly through the camp. Floyd called to them, Any luck? , The car stopped. The driver said, We covered a hell of a lot a ground. They aint a hands work in this here country. We gotta move. Where to? A1 called. God knows. We worked this here place over. He let in his clutch and moved slowly down the camp. 350 The Grapes of Wrath A1 looked after them. Wouldn it be better if one fella went alone? Then if they was one piece a work, a fellad get it. D Floyd put down the chisel and smiled sourly. You aint learned, he said. Takes gas to get roun the country. Gas costs fifteen cents a gallon. Them four fellas cant take four cars. So each of em puts in a dime an they get gas. You got to learn. Air A1 looked down at Winfield standing importantly beside him. Al, Mas dishin up stew. She says come git it. A1 wiped his hands on his trousers. We aint et today, he said to Floyd. Ill come give you a han when I eat. No need less you want ta. Sure, Ill do it. He followed Winfield toward the Joad camp. It was crowded now. The strange children stood close to the stew pot, so close that Ma brushed them with her elbows as she worked. Tom and Uncle John stood beside her. Ma said helplessly, I dunno what to do. I got to feed the fambly. What m I gonna do with these here? The children stood stiffly and looked at her. Their faces were blank, rigid, and their eyes went mechanically from the pot to the tin plate she held. Their eyes followed the spoon from pot to plate, and when she passed the steaming plate up to Uncle John, their eyes followed it up. Uncle John dug his spoon Into the stew, and the banked eyes rose up with the spoon. A piece of potato went into Johns mouth and the banked eyes were on his face, watching to see how he would react. Would it be good? Would he like It? And then Uncle John seemed to see them for the first time. The Grapes of Wrath 351 He chewed slowly. You take this here, he said to Tom, ; I aint hungry. You aint et today, Tom said. I know, but I got a stomickache. 1 aint hungry. Tom said quietly, You take that plate inside the tent an you eat it. I aint hungry, John insisted. Fd still see em inside the tent. Tom turned on the children. You git, he said. Go on now, git. The bank of eyes left the stew and rested wonder- ing on his face. Go on now, git. You aint doin no good. There aint enough for you. Ma ladled stew into the tin plates, very little stew, and she laid the plates on the ground. I cant send em away, she said. I don know what to do. Take your plates an go inside. Ill let em have whats lef. Here, take a plate in to Rosasharn  She smiled up at the children. Look, she said, you little fellas go an get you each a flat stick an Ill put whats lef for you. But they aint to be no fightin. The group broke up with a deadly, silent swiftness. Children ran to find sticks, they ran to their own tents and brought spoons. Before Ma had finished with the plates they were back, silent and wolfish. Ma shook her head. I dunno what to do. I cant rob the fambly. I got to feed the fambly. Ruthie, WinfieT, AI, she cried fiercely. Take your plates. Hurry up. Git in the tent quick. She looked apologetically at the waiting children. There aint enough, she said hum- bly. Im a-gonna set this here kettle out, an youll all get a little tas, but it aint gonna do you no good. She faltered, I cant hep it. Cant keep it from you. She lifted the pot and set it down on the ground. Now wait. Its too hot, she 352 The Grapes of Wrath said, and she went into the tent quickly so she would not see. Her family sat on the ground, each with his plate; and outside they could hear the children digging into the pot with their sticks and their spoons and their pieces of rusty tin. A mound of children smothered the pot from sight. They did not talk, did not fight or argue; but there was quiet intentness in all of them, a wooden fierceness. Ma,' turned her back so she couldnt see. We cant do that no more, she said. We got to eat alone. There was the sound of scraping at the kettle, and then the mound of children broke and the children walked away and left the scraped kettle on the ground. Ma looked at the empty plates. Didn none of you get nowhere near enough. Pa got up and left the tent without answering. The preacher smiled to himself and lay back on the ground, hands clasped behind his head. A1 got to his feet. Got to help a fella with a car. Ma gathered the plates and took them outside to wash. Ruthie, she called, WinfieF. Go get me a bucket a water right off. She handed them the bucket and they trudged off toward the river. A strong broad woman walked near. Her dress was streaked with dust and splotched with car oil. Her chin was held high with pride. She stood a short distance away and regarded Ma belligerently. At last she approached. After- noon  she said coldly.  . Afternoon, said Ma, and she got up from her knees and pushed a box forward. Wont you set down? The woman walked near. No, I wont set down. Ma looked questioningly at her. Can I hep you in any way." The Grapes of Wrath 353 The woman set her hands on her hips. You kin hep ms by mindin your own childern an lectin mine alone. Mas eyes opened wide. I aint done nothin- she began. The woman scowled at her. My little fella come back smellin of stew. You give it to im. He tol me. Don you go a-boastin an a-braggin bout havin stew. Don 5 you do it I got nuf troubles thout that. Come in ta me, he did, an says, Whynt we have stew? Her voice shook with fury Ma moved close. Set down  she said. Set down an talk a piece. No, I aint gonna set down. Im tryin to feed my folks- an you come along with your stew. Set down, Ma said. That was bout the las stew were gonna have till we get work. Spose you was cookin a stew an a bunch a little fellas stood aroun moonin, whatd you do? We didnt have enough, but you cant keep it when they look at ya like that. The womans hands dropped from her hips. For a moment her, eyes questioned Ma, and then she turned and walked quickly away, and she went into a tent and pulled the flap? down behind her. Ma stared after her, and then she dropped to her knees again beside the stack of tin dishes. A1 hurried near. Tom, he called. Ma, is Tom inside? Tom stuck his head out. What you want? Come on with me, A1 said excitedly. They walked away together. Whats a matter with you? Tom asked. Youll find out. Jus wait. He led Tom to the tom-down car. This heres 354 The Grapes of Wrath Tom ran his finger over the top of the block, What kinda bugs is crawlin on you, Al? Floyd jus toF me. Tell em, Floyd. Floyd said, Maybe 1 shouldn, but yeah, Ill tell ya. Feila come through an he says theys gonna be work up north. Up north? Yeah place called Santa Clara Valley, way to hell an gone up north. Yeah? Kinda work? Prune pickin, an pears an cannery work. Says its purty near ready. How far? Tom demanded. Oh, Christ knows. Maybe two hundred miles. Thats a hell of a long ways, said Tom. How we know theys gonna be work when we get there? Well, we don know, said Floyd. But they aint nothin' here, an this fella says he got a letter from his brother, am hes on his way. He says not to tell nobody, theyll be too many. We oughta get out in the night. Oughta get there an' get some work lined up. Tom studied him. Why we gotta sneak away? Well, if everbody gets there, aint gonna be work for nobody. Its a hell of a long ways, Tom said. Floyd sounded hurt. Im jus givin you the tip. You don have to take it. Your brother here heped me, an Im givin you the tip. You sure there aint no work here? Look, I been scourin aroun for three weeks all over hell, an I aint had a bit a work, not a single han-holt. F you wanta look aroun an burn up gas lookin, why, go ahead. I aint beggin you. More that goes, the less chance I got.  The Grapes of Wrath 355 1 Tom said, I aint findin fault. Its jus such a hell of a long ! ways. An we kinda hoped we could get work here an rent  a house to live fti. Floyd said patiently, I know ya jus got here. Theys stuff ya got to learn. If youd let me tell ya, itd save ya j somepin. If ya don let me tell ya, then ya got to learn 1 the hard way. You aint gonna settle down cause they aint no work to settle ya. An your belly aint gonna let ya settle down. Now thats straight. Wisht I could look aroun first, Tom said uneasily. A sedan drove through the camp and pulled up at the next tent. A man in overalls and a blue shirt climbed out. Floyd called to him, Any luck? There aint a han-turn of work in the whole dam coun- try, not till cotton pickin. And he went into the ragged tent. See? said Floyd. Yeah, I see. But two hunderd miles, Jesus! Well, you aint settlin down no place for a while. Mights well make up your mind to that. We better go, A1 said. Tom asked, When is they gonna be work aroun here? Well, in a month the cottonll start. If you got plenty money you can wait for the cotton. Tom said, Ma aint a-gonna wanta move. Shes all tard out. Floyd shrugged his shoulders. I aint a-tryin to push ya north. Suit yaself. I jus toP ya what I heard. He picked the oily gasket from the running board and fitted it carefully on the block and pressed it down. Now, he said to A! f  5 f you want to give me a han with that engine head. 356 The Grapes of Wrath over the head bolts and dropped it evenly. Have to talk about it, he said. Floyd said, I dont want nobody but your folks to know about it. Jus you. An I wouldnt of tol you if ya brother didn hep me out here. Tom said, Well, I sure thank ya for tellin us. We got to figger it out. Maybe well go. A1 said, By God, I think Ill go if the res goes or not. Ill hitch there. An leave the fambly? Tom asked. Sure. Id come back with my jeans plumb fulla jack. Why not? Ma aint gonna like no such thing, Tom said. An Pa, he aint gonna like it neither. Floyd set the nuts and screwed them down as far as he could with his fingers. Me an my wife come out with our folks, he said. Back home we wouldn of thought of goin away. Wouldn of thought of it. But, hell, we was all up north a piece and I come down here, an they moved on, an now God knows where they are. Been lookin an askin about em ever since. He fitted his wrench to the engine- head bolts and turned them down evenly, one turn to each nut, around and around the series. Tom squatted down beside the car and squinted his eyes up the line of tents. A little stubble was beaten into the earth between the tents. No, sir, he said, Ma aint gonna like you goin off. Well, seems to me a lone fella got more chance of work.  Maybe, but Ma aint gonna like it at all. Two cars loaded with disconsolate men drove down into the camp. Floyd lifted his eyes, but he didnt ask them about their luck. Their dusty faces were sad and resistant. The sun ville and on the willows behind it. The children began to come out of the tents, to wander about the camp. And from the tents the women came and built their little fires. The men gathered in squatting groups and talked together. A new Chevrolet coupe turned off the highway and headed down into the camp. It pulled to the center of the camp. Tom said, Whos this? They dont belong here. Floyd said, I dunno cops, maybe. The car door opened and a man got out and stood beside the car. His companion remained seated. Now all the squat- ting men looked at the newcomers and the conversation was still. And the women building their fires looked secretly at the shiny car. The children moved closer with elaborate circuitousness, edging inward in long curves. Floyd put down his wrench. Tom stood up. A1 wiped his hands on his trousers. The three strolled toward the Chev- rolet. The man who had got out of the car was dressed in khaki trousers and a flannel shirt. He wore a flat-brimmed Stetson hat. A sheaf of papers was held in his shirt pocket by a little fence of fountain pens and yellow pencils; and from his hip pocket protruded a notebook with metal covers. He moved to one of the groups of squatting men, and they looked up at him, suspicious and quiet. They watched him and did not move; the whites of their eyes showed beneath the irises, for they did not raise their heads to look. Tom and A1 and Floyd strolled casually near. The man said, You men want to work? Still they looked quietly, suspiciously. And men from all over the camp moved near. One of the squatting men spoke at last. Sure we wanta work. Wheres ats work? 358 The Grapes of Wrath Tulare County. Fruits opening up. Need a lot of pickers. Floyd spoke up. You doin the hiring? Well, Fm contracting the land. The men were in a compact group now. An overalled man iook off his black hat and combed back his long black hair with his fingers. What you payin? he asked. Well, cant tell exactly, yet. Bout thirty cents, I guess. Why cant you tell? You took the contract, didn you? Thats true, the khaki man said. But its keyed to the price. Alight be a little more, might be a little less. Floyd stepped out ahead. He said quietly, Ill go, mister. Youre a contractor, an you got a license. You jus show your license, an then you give us an order to go to work, an where, an when, an how much well get, an you sign that, an well all go. The contractor turned, scowling. You telling me how to run my own business? Floyd said,  F were workin for you, its our business too. Well, you aint telling me what to do. I told you I need men. Floyd said angrily, You didn say how many men, an you didn say what youd pay. Goddamn it, I dont know yet. If you don know, you got no right to hire men. I got a right to run my business my own way. If you men want to sit here on your ass, O.K. Im out getting men for Tulare County. Going to need a lot of men. Floyd turned to the crowd of men. They were standing ap now, looking quietly from one speaker to the other. The Grapes of Wrath 35. Floyd said, Twicet now Ive fell for that. Maybe lie needs a thousan men. Hell get five thousan there, an liell pay fifteen cents an hour. An you poor bastardsll have to take it cause youll be hungry. F he wants to hire men, let him hire em an write it out an say what hes gonna pay. Ast ta see his license. He aint allowed to contract men without a license. The contractor turned to the Chevrolet and called, Joe! His companion looked out. and then swung the car door open and stepped out. He wore riding breeches and laced boots. A heavy pistol holster hung on a cartridge belt around his waist. On his brown shirt a deputy sheriffs star was pinned. He walked heavily over. His face was set to a thin smile. What you want? The holster slid back and forth on his hip. Ever see this guy before, Joe? The deputy asked Which one? This fella. The contractor pointed to Floyd. Whatd he do? The deputy smiled at Floyd. Hes talkin red, agitating trouble  Hm-m-m. The deputy moved slowly around to see Floyds profile, and the color slowly flowed up Floyds face, You see? Floyd cried. If this guys on the level, would he bring a cop along? Ever see im before? the contractor insisted. Hmm, seems like I have. Las week when that used-car lot was busted into. Seems like I seen this fella hangin arounk Yep! Id swear its the same fella. Suddenly the smile left his face. Get in that car, he said, and he unhooked the strap that covered the butt of his automatic. Tom said, You got nothin on him 35o The Grapes of Wrath . The deputy swung around.  F youd like to go in too, you jus open your trap once more. They was two fellas hangin around that lot. I wasnt even in the State las week, Tom said. Well, maybe youre wanted someplace else. You keep your trap shut. The contractor turned back to the men. You fellas dont want ta listen to these goddamn reds. Troublemakers theyll get you in trouble. Now I can use all of you in Tulare County. The men didnt answer. The deputy turned back to them. Might be a good idear to go, he said. The thin smile was back on his face. Board of Health says we got to clean out this camp. An if it gets around that you got reds out here why, somebody might git hurt. Be a good idear if all you fellas moved on to Tulare. They isnt a thing to do aroun here. Thats jus a friendly way a telling you. Be a bunch a guys down here, jnavbe with pick handles, if you aint gone. The contractor said, I told you I need men. If you dont want to work well, thats your business. The deputy smiled. If they dont want to work, they aint a place for em in this county. Well float em quick. Floyd stood stiffly beside the deputy, and Floyds thumbs were hooked over his belt. Tom stole a look at him, and then stared at the ground. Thats all, the contractor said. Theres men needed in Tulare County; plenty of work. Tom looked slowly up at Floyds hands, and he saw the strings at the wrists standing out under the skin. Toms own hands came up, and his thumbs hooked over his belt. The Grapes of Wrath 361 Yeah, thats all. I dont want one of you here by tomorra morning. The contractor stepped into the Chevrolet. Now, you, the deputy said to Floyd, you get in that car. He reached a large hand up and took hold of Floyd's left arm. Floyd spun and swung with one movement. His fist splashed into the large face, and in the same motion he was away, dodging down the line of tents. The deputy staggered and Tom put out his foot for him to trip over. The deputy fell heavily and rolled, reaching for his gun. Floyd dodged in and out of sight down the line. The deputy fired from the ground. A woman in front of a tent screamed and then looked at a hand which had no knuckles. The fingers hung on strings against her palm, and the torn flesh was white and bloodless. Far down the line Floyd came in sight, sprinting for the willows. The deputy, sitting on the ground, raised his gun again and then, suddenly, from the group of men, the Reverend Casy stepped. He kicked the deputy in the neck and then stood back as the heavy man crumpled into unconsciousness. The motor of the Chevrolet roared and it streaked away, churning the dust. It mounted to the highway and shot away. In front of her tent, the woman still looked at her shattered hand. Little droplets of blood began to ooze from the wound. And a chuckling hysteria began in her throat, i whining laugh that grew' louder and higher with each breath. The deputy lay on his side, his mouth open against th dust. Tom picked up his automatic, pulled out the magazine and threw it into the brush, and he ejected the live shell 3 6 2 The Grapes of Wrath from the chamber. Fella like that aint got no 'right to a gun he said; and he dropped the automatic to the ground, A crowd had collected around the woman with the broken hand, and her hysteria increased, a screaming quality came into her laughter.  Casy moved close to Tom. You got to git out, he said. You go down in the willas an wait. He didn see me kick im, but he seen you stick out your foot. I don want ta go, Tom said. Casy put his head close. He whispered, Theyll finger print you. You broke parole. Theyll send you back Tom drew in his breath quietly. Jesus! I forgot. Go quick, Casy said.  Fore he comes to. Like to have his gun, Tom said. No. Leave it. If its awright to come back, Fll give ya four high whistles. Tom strolled away casually, but as soon as he was away from the group he hurried his steps, and he disappeared among the willows that lined the river. A1 stepped over to the fallen deputy. Jesus, he said ad- miringly, you sure flagged im down! The crowd of men had continued to stare at the uncon- scious man. And now in the great distance a siren screamed up the scale and dropped, and it screamed again, nearer this time. Instantly the men were nervous. They shifted their feet for a moment and then they moved away, each one to his own tent. Only A1 and the preacher remained. Casy turned to Al. Get out, he said. Go on, get out to the tent. You dont know nothin. Yeah? How bout you? Casy grinned at him. Somebody got to take the blame. I The Grapes of Wrath 363 got no kids. Theyll jus put me in jail, an I aint doin nothin but set aroun. A1 said, Aint no reason for   Go on now, Casy said sharply. You get outa this. A1 bristled. I aint takin orders. Casy said softly, If you mess in this your whole famfaly, all your folks, gonna get in trouble. I don care about you. But your ma and your pa, theyll get in trouble. Maybe theyll send Tom back to McAlester. A1 considered it for a moment. O.K., he said. I think youre a damn fool, though, ' Sure, said Casy. Why not? The siren screamed again and again, and always it ame closer. Casy knelt beside the deputy and turned him over. The man groaned and fluttered his eyes, and he tried to see Casy wiped the dust off his lips. The families were in the tents now, and the flaps were down, and the setting sun made the air red and the gray tents bronze. Tires squealed on the highway and an open car came swiftly into the camp. Four men, armed with rifles, piled out Casy stood up and walked to them. What the hells goin on here? Casy said, I knocked out your man there. One of the armed men went to the deputy. He was con scious now, trying weakly to sit up. Now what happened here? Well, Casy said, he got tough an I hit im, and he started shootin hit a woman down the line. So I hit im again. Well, whatd you do in the first place? I talked back, said Casy. Sure, said Casy, and he climbed into the back seat and sat down. Two men helped the hurt deputy to his feet. He felt his neck gingerly. Casy said, Theys a woman down the row like to bleed to death from his bad shootin. Well see about that later. Mike, is this the fella that hit s j J you? The dazed man stared sickly at Casy. Dont look like him. It was me, all right, Casy said. You got smart with the wrong fella. Mike shook his head slowly. You dont look like the right fella to me. By God, Im gonna be sick! Casy said, Ill go thout no trouble. You better see how bad that womans hurt. Wheres she? That tent over there. The leader of the deputies walked to the tent, rifle in hand. He spoke through the tent walls, and then went inside. In a moment he came out and walked back. And he said, a little proudly, Jesus, what a mess a .45 does make! They got a tourniquet on. Well send a doctor out. Two deputies sat on either side of Casy. The leader sounded his horn. There was no movement in the camp. The flaps were down tight, and the people in their tents. The engine started and the car swung around and pulled out of the camp. Between his guards Casy sat proudly, his head up and the stringy muscles of his neck prominent. On his lips his face a curious look of came out of the The Grapes of Wrath 365 tents. The sun was down now, and the gentle blue evening light was in the camp. To the east the mountains were still yellow with sunlight. The women went back to the fires that had died. The men collected to squat together and to talk softly. A1 crawled from under the Joad tarpaulin and walked toward the willows to whistle for Tom. Ma came out and built her little fire of twigs. Pa, she said, we aint goin to have much. We et so late. Pa and Uncle John stuck close to the camp, watching Ma peeling potatoes and slicing them raw into a frying pan of deep grease. Pa said, Now what the hell made the preacher do that? Ruthie and Winfield crept close and crouched down td hear the talk. Uncle John scratched the earth deeply with a long rusty nail. He ltnowed about sin. I ast him about sin, an he tol me; but I don know if hes right. He says a fellas sinned if he thinks hes sinned. Uncle Johns eyes were tired and sad. I been secret all my days, he said. I done things I never tol about. Ma turned from the fire. Don go tellin, John," she said Tell em to God. Don go burdenin other people with your sins. That aint decent. Theyre a-eatin on me, said John. Well, don tell em. Go down the river an stick your head under an whisper em in the stream. n t,!c bfoA clnwlv at Mas words. Shes rieht, he 3 66 The Grapes of Wrath Uncle John looked up to the sun-gold mountains, and the mountains were reflected in his eyes. I wisht I could run it down, he said. But I cant. Shes a-bitin in my guts. Behind him Rose of Sharon moved dizzily out of the tent. Wheres Connie? she asked irritably. I aint seen Connie for a long time. Whered he go? I aint seen him, said Ma. If I see im. Ill tell 1m you want im. I aint feelin good, said Rose of Sharon. Connie shouldn of left me. Ma looked up to the girls swollen face. You been a-cryin, she said. The tears started freshly in Rose of Sharons eyes. Ma went on firmly, You git aholt on yaself. Theys a lot of us here. You git aholt on yaself. Come here now an peel some potatoes. Youre feelin sorry for yaself. The girl started to go back in the tent. She tried to avoid Mas stern eyes, but they compelled her and she came slowly toward the fire. He shouldn of went away, she said, but the tears were gone. You got to work, Ma said. Set in the tent an youll get feelin sorry about yaself. I aint had time to take you in han. I will now. You take this here knife an get to them potatoes. The girl knelt down and obeyed. She said fiercely, Waitll I see im. Ill tell im. Ma smiled slowly. He might smack you. You got it cornin with whinin aroun an candyin yaself. If he smacks some sense in you Ill bless im. The girls eyes blazed with resentment, but she was silent. Uncle John pushed his rusty nail deep into the ground with his broad thumb. I got to tell, he said. The Grapes of Wrath 367 Pa said, Well, tell then, goddamn it! Whod ya kill? Uncle John dug with his thumb into the watch pocket of liis blue jeans and scooped out a folded dirty bill. He spread it out and showed it. FT dollars, he said. Steal her? Pa asked. No, I had her. Kept her out. She was yourn, wasnt she? Yeah, but I didnt have no right to keep her out. I dont see much sin in that, Ma said. Its yourn. ' Uncle John said slowly, It aint only the keepin her out. 5 kep her out to get drunk. I knowed they was gonna come a time when I got to get drunk, when Id get to hurt in inside 30 I got to get drunk. Figgered time wasn yet, an then the preacher went an give imself up to save Tom. Pa nodded his head up and down and cocked his head to hear. Ruthie moved closer, like a puppy, crawling on her elbows, and Winfield followed her. Rose of Sharon dug at a deep eye in a potato with the point of her knife. The evening light deepened and became more blue. Ma said, in a sharp matter-of-fact tone, I don see why him savin Tom got to get you drunk. John said sadly, Cant say her. I feel awful. He done her so easy. Jus stepped up there an says, I done her. An they took im away. An Im a-gonna get drunk. Pa still nodded his head. I dont see why you got to tell, he said. If it was me, Id jus go off an get drunk if I had to. ' Come a time when I could a did somepin an took the big sin off my soul, Uncle John said sadly. An I slipped up. I didn jump on her, an an she got away. Lookie! he said. You got the money. Gimme two dollars. Pa reached reluctantly into his pocket and brought out th leather pouch. You aint gonna need no seven dollars to 3 68 The Grapes of Wrath get drunk You dont need to drink champagny water. Uncle John held out his bill. You take this here an gimme two dollars. 1 can get good an drank for two dollars. I don want no sin of waste on me. Ill spend whatever I got. Always do. Pa took the dirty bill and gave Uncle John two silver dol- lars. There ya are, he said. A fella got to do what he got to do. Nobody don know enough to tell im. Uncle John took the coins. You aint gonna be mad? You know I got to? Christ, yes, said Pa. Y on know what you got to do. I wouldn be able to get through this night no other way, he said. He turned to Ma. You aint gonna hold her over me? Ma didnt look up. No, she said softly. No you go long. He stood up and walked forlornly away in the evening. He walked up to the concrete highway and across the pave- ment to the grocery store. In front of the screen door he took off his hat, dropped it into the dust, and ground it with his heel in self-abasement. And he left his black hat there, broken and dirty. He entered the store and walked to the shelves where the whisky bottles stood behind wire netting. Pa and Ma and the children watched Uncle John move away. Rose of Sharon kept her eyes resentfully on the potatoes. Poor John, Ma said. I wondered if it would a done any good if no I guess not. I never seen a man so drove. Ruthie turned on her side in the dust. She put her head close to Winfields head and pulled his ear against her mouth. She whispered, Im gonna get drunk. Winfield snorted and pinched his mouth tight. The two children crawled The Grapes of Wrath 369 away, holding t!eir breath, their faces purple with the pres- sure of their gggles. They crawled around the tent and leaped up and r m squealing away from the tent. They ran to the willows, and once concealed, they shrieked with laughter. Ruthie crossed her eyes and loosened her joints; she staggered about, tripping loosely, with her tongue hanging out. Fm drunk 5 she said. Look 5 Winfield cried. Looka me, heres me, an Fm Uncle John 5 He flapped his arms and puffed, he whirled until he was dizzy. No, said Ruthie. Heres the way. Heres the way. Fm Uncle John. Fm awful drunk. A 1 and Tom walked quietly through the willows, and they' came on the children staggering crazily about. The dusk was thick now. Tom stopped and peered. Aint that Ruthie an WinfieF? What the hells the matter with em? They walked nearer. You crazy? Tom asked. The children stopped, embarrassed. We was jus playin, Ruthie said. Its a crazy way to play, said AL Ruthie said pertly, It aint no craziern a lot of things. A1 walked on. He said to Tom, Ruthies workin up a kick in the pants. She been workin it up a long time. Bout due for it. Ruthie mushed her face at his back, pulled out her mouth with her forefingers, slobbered her tongue at him, outraged him in every way she knew, but A1 did not turn back to look at her. She looked at Winfield again to start the game, but it had been spoiled. They both knew it. Les go down the water an duck our heads, Winfield suggested. They walked down through the willows, and they were angry at AL 370 The Grapes of Wrath AI and Toni went quietly in the dusk. Tom said, Casy shouldn of did it. I might of knew, though. He was talkin how he aint done nothin for us. Hes a funny fella, Al. All the time thk'kin. Comes from bein a preacher, Al said. They get all messed up with stuff. Where ya spose Connie was a-goin? Coin to take a crap, I guess. Well, he was goin a hell of a long way. They walked among the tents, keeping close to the walls. At Floyds tent a soft hail stopped them. They came near to the tent flap and squatted down. Floyd raised the canvas a little. You gettin out? Tom said, I don know. Think we better? Floyd laughed sourly. You heard what that bull said. Fheyll bum ya out if ya dont. F you think that guys gonna take a heatin thout gettin back, youre nuts. The pool-room boysll be down here tonight to burn us out. Guess we better git, then, Tom said. Where you a-goin? Why, up north, like I said. Al said, Look, a fella tol me bout a govment camp near here. Wheres it at? Oh, I think thats full up. Well, wheres it at? Go south on 99 bout twelve-fourteen miles, an turn east to Weedpatch. Its right near there. But I think shes full up. Fella says its nice, Al said. Sure, shes nice. Treat ya like a man stead of a dog. Aint to cops there. But shes full up. Tom said, What I cant understand why that cop was so The Grapes of Wrath 37 r mean. Seemed like he was aimin for trouble; seemed like hes pokin a fella to make trouble. Floyd said, I don know about here, but up north I knowed one a them fellas, an he was a nice fella. He tol me up there the deputies got to take guys in. Sheriff gets seventy- five cents a day for each prisoner, an he feeds em for a quar- ter. If he aint got prisoners, he dont make no profit. This fella says he didn pick up nobody for a week, an the sheriff tof im he better bring in guys or give up his button. This fella today sure looks like hes out to make a pinch one way r another. We got to get on, said Tom. So long, Floyd. So long. Probly see you. Hope so. Good-by, said Al. They walked through the dark gray camp to the Joad tent. fhe frying pan of potatoes was hissing and spitting over the fire. Ma moved the thick slices about with a spoon. Pa sat near by, hugging his knees. Rose of Sharon was sitting under the tarpaulin. Its Tom! Ma cried. Thank God. We got to get outa here, said Tom. Whats the matter now? Well, Floyd says theyll burn the camp tonight. What the hell for? Pa asked. We aint done nothin. Nothin cept beat up a cop, said Tom. Well, we never done it. From what that cop said, Rose of Sharon deman Yeah  said AL goin south. Was was T 372 The Grapes of Wrath Ma tamed on the girl Rosasharn, you been talkin an' actin' funny. Whafd Connie say to you? Rose of Sharon said sullenly, Said it would a been a good thing if he stayed home an studied up tractors. They were very quiet. Rose of Sharon looked at the fire and her eyes glistened in the firelight. The potatoes hissed sharply in the frying pan. The girl sniffled and wiped her nose with the back of her hand. Pa said, Connie wasn no good. I seen that a long time. Didn have no guts, jus too big for his overalls  Rose of Sharon got up and went into the tent. She lay down on the mattress and rolled over on her stomach and buried her head in her crossed arms. Wouldn do no good to catch im, I guess, A1 said. Pa replied, No. If he aint no good, we don want him. Ma looked into the tent, where Rose of Sharon lay on her mattress. Ma said, Sh. Don say that. Well, he aint no good, Pa insisted. All the time a-sayin what hes a-gonna do. Never doin nothin. I didn want tu say nothin while hes here. Rut now hes run out   Sh! Ma said softly. Why, for Christs sake? Why do I got to shh? He run out, didn he? Ma turned over the potatoes with her spoon, and the grease boiled and spat. She fed twigs to the fire, and the flames laced up and lighted the tent. Ma said, Rosashara gonna have a little fella an that baby is half Connie. It aint good for a baby to grow up with folks a-sayin his pa aint no good. Bettern lyin about it, said Pa. No, it aint, Ma interrupted. Make out like hes dead. You wouldn say no bad things about Connie if hes dead, The Grapes of Wrath 373 Tom broke in, Hey, what is this? We aint sure Connies gone for good. We got no time for talkin. We got to eat an get on onr way.." On our way? We jus come here. Ma peered at him through the firelighted darkness. He explained carefully, They gonna burn the camp to- night, Ma. Now you know I aint got it in me to stan by an see our stuff burn up, nor Pa aint got it in him, nor Uncle John. Wed come up a-fightin, an I jus cant afford to be took in an mugged. I nearly got it today, if the preacher hadn jumped in. Ma had been turning the frying potatoes in the hot grease. Now she took her decision. Come on! she cried. Les eat this stuff. We got to go quick. She set out the tin plates. Pa said, How bout John? Where is Uncle John? Tom asked. Pa and Ma were silent for a moment, and then Pa said, He went to get drunk. Jesus! Tom said. What a time he picked out! Whered he go? I don know, said Pa. Tom stood up. Look, he said, you all eat an get the stuff loaded. Ill go look for Uncle John. Hed of went to the store crost the road. Tom walked quickly away. The little cooking fires burned in front of the tents and the shacks, and the light fell on the faces of ragged men and women, on crouched children. In a few tents the light of kerosene lamps shone through the canvas and placed shadows of people hugely on the cloth. Tom walked up the dusty road and crossed the concrete highway to the little grocery store. He stood in front of the screen door and looked in. The proprietor, a little gray man 374 The Grapes of Wrath with an unkempt mustache and watery eyes, leaned on the counter reading a newspaper. His thin arms were bare and he wore a long white apron. Heaped around and in back of him were mounds, pyramids, walls of canned goods. He looked up when Tom came in, and his eyes narrowed as though he aimed a shotgun. Good evening, he said. Run out of something? Run out of my uncle, said Tom. Or he run out, or something. The gray man looked puzzled and worried at the same time. He touched the tip of his nose tenderly and waggled it around to stop an itch. Seems like you people always lost somebody, he said. Ten times a day or more somebody comes in here an says, If you see a man named so an so, an looks like so an so, will you tell im we went up north? Somepin like that all the time. Tom laughed. Well, if you see a young snot-nose name Connie, looks a little bit like a coyote, tell im to go to hell. Weve went south. But he aint the fella Im lookin for. Did a fella bout sixty years ol, black pants, sort of grayish hair, come in here an get some whisky? The eyes of the gray man brightened. Now he sure did. I never seen anything like, it. He stood out front an he dropped his hat an stepped on it. Here, I got his hat here. He brought the dusty broken hat from under the counter. Tom took it from him. Thats him, all right. Well, sir, he got couple pints of whisky an he didn say a thing. He pulled the cork an tipped up the bottle. I aint got a license to drink here. I says, Look, you cant drink here. You got to go outside. Well, sir! He jus stepped out- side the door, an I bet he didnt tilt up that pint moren four times till it was empty. He throwed it away an he leaned in The Grapes of Wrath 375 the door. Eyes kinda dull. He says, Thank you, sir, an he went on. I never seen no drinkin like that in my life. Went on? Which way? I got to get him. Well, it so happens I can tell you. I never seen such drinkin, so I looked out after him. He went north; an then a car come along an lighted him up, an he went down the bank. Legs was beginnin to buckle a little. He got the other pint open awready. He wont be far not the way he was goinV Tom said, Thank ya. I got to find him. You want ta take his hat? Yeah! Yeah! Hell need it. Well, thank ya. Whats the matter with him? the gray' man asked. He wash takin pleasure in his drink. Oh, hes kinda moody. Well, good night. An if you see that squirt Connie, tell im weve went south. I got so many people to look out for an tell stuff to, 1 cant ever remember em all. Dont put yourself out too much, Tom said. Fie went out the screen door carrying Uncle Johns dusty black hat. He crossed the concrete road and walked along the edge of it. Below him in the sunken field, the Hooverville lay; and the little fires flickered and the lanterns shone through the tents. Somewhere in the camp a guitar sounded, slow chords, struck without any sequence, practice chords, Tom stopped and listened, and then he moved slowly along the side of the road, and every few steps he stopped to listen again. He had gone a quarter of a mile before he heard what he listened for. Down below the embankment the sound of a thick, tuneless voice, singing drably. Tom cocked his head, the better to hear. And the dull voice sang, Ive give my heart to Jesus, so 3 7 5 ihe Grapes of Wrath Jesus take me home. Ive give my soul to Jesus, so Jesus is my home. The song trailed off to a murmur, and then stopped. Tom hurried down from the embankment, toward the song. After a while he stopped and listened again. And the voice was close this time, the same slow, tuneless singing, Oh, the night that Maggie died, she called me to her side, an give to me them ol red flannel drawers that Maggie wore. They was baggy at the knees   Tom moved cautiously forward. He saw the black form sitting on the ground, and he stole near and sat down. Uncle John tilted the pint and the liquor gurgled out of the neck of the bottle. Tom said quietly, Hey, wait! Where do I come in? Uncle John turned his head. Who you? You forgot me awready? You had four drinks to my one. No, Tom. Don try fool me. Im all alone here. You aint been here. Well, Im sure here now. How bout givin me a snort? Uncle John raised the pint again and the whisky gurgled. He shook the bottle. It was empty. No more, he said. Wanta die so bad. Wanta die awful. Die a little bit. Got to. Like sleepin. Die a little bit. So tard. Tard. Maybe don wake up no more. His voice crooned off. Gonna wear a crown a golden crown. Tom said, Listen here to me, Uncle John. Were gonna move on. You come along, an you can go right to sleep up on the load. John shook his head. No. Go on. Aint goin. Gonna res here. No good goin back. No good to nobody jus a- draggin my sins like dirty drawers mongst nice folks. No. Aint goin. The Grapes of Wrath 377 Come on. We cant go less you go. Go, ri long. I aint no good. I aint no good. Jus a- draggin my sins, a-dirtyin everbody. You got no more sinn anybody else. John put his head close, and he winked one eye wisely. Tom could see his face dimly in the starlight. Nobody don know my sins, nobody but Jesus. He knows.  Tom got down on his knees. He put his hand on Uncle Johns forehead, and it was hot and dry. John brushed his hand away clumsily. Come on, Tom pleaded. Come on now, Uncle John. Aint goin go. Jus tard. Gon res ri here. Ri here. Tom was very close. He put his fist against the point of Uncle Johns chin. He made a small practice arc twice, for distance; and then, with his shoulder in the swing, he hit the chin a delicate perfect blow. Johns chin snapped up and he fell backwards and tried to sit up again. But Tom was kneel- ing over him and as John got one elbow up Tom hit him again. Unde John lay still on the ground. Tom stood up and, bending, he lifted the loose sagging body and boosted it over his shoulder. He staggered under the loose weight. Johns hanging hands tapped him on the back as he went, slowly, puffing up the bank to the highway. Once a car came by and lighted him with the limp man over his shoulder. The car slowed for a moment and then roared away. Tom was panting when he came back to the Hooverviile, down from the road and to the Joad truck. John was coming to; he struggled weakly. Tom set him gently down on the ground. . Camp had been broken while he was gone. A1 passed the 378 The Grapes of Wrath bundles up on the track. The tarpaulin lay ready to bind over the load. A1 said, He sure got a quick start. Tom apologized. I had to hit im a little to make im come. Poor fella. Didn hurt im? Ma asked. Don think so. Hes a-comin out of it. Uncle John was weakly sick on the ground. His spasms of Vomiting came in little gasps. Ma said, I lef a plate a potatoes for you, Tom. Tom chuckled. I aint just in the mood right now. Pa called, A wright, Al. Sling up the tarp. The truck "was loaded and ready. Uncle John had gone to sleep. Tom and Al boosted and pulled him up on the load while Winfield made a vomiting noise behind the truck and Ruthie plugged her mouth with her hand to keep from squealing. Awready, Pa said. Tom asked, Wheres Rosasharn? Over there, said Ma. Come on, Rosasharn. Were a-goin. The girl sat still, her chin sunk on her breast. Tom walked over to her. Come on, he said, I aint a-goin. She did not raise her head. You got to go.'  I want Connie. I aint a-goin till he comes back. Three cars pulled out of the camp, up the road to the high- way, old cars loaded with the camps and the people. They clanked up to the highway and rolled away, their dim lights glancing along the road. . Tom said, Conniell find us. I lef word up at the store where wed be. Hell find us. The Grapes of Wrath 379 Ma came up and stood beside him. Come on, Rosasharn, Come on, honey, 5  she said gently. I wanta wait . 55 We cant wait. Ma leaned down and took the girl by the arm and helped her to her feet. Hell find us, Tom said. Don 5 you worry. Hell find us. They walked on either side of the girl. Maybe he went to get them books to study up, said Rose of Sharon. Maybe he was a-gonna surprise us. Ma said, Maybe thats jus what he done. They led her to the truck and helped her up on top of the load, and she crawled under the tarpaulin and disappeared into the dark cave. Now the bearded man from the weed shack came timidly to the track. He waited about, his hands clutched behind his back. You gonna leave any stuff a fella could use? he asked at last. Pa said, Cant think of nothin. We aint got nothin to leave. Tom asked, Aint ya gettin 5 out? For a long time the bearded man stared at him. No, he said at last. But theyll bum ya out. The unsteady eyes dropped to the ground. I know. They done it before. Well, why the hell dont ya get out? The bewildered eyes looked up for a moment, and then down again, and the dying firelight was reflected redly. I don know. Takes so long to git stuff together. You wont have nothin if they burn ya out. I know. You aint leavin nothin a fella could use? j8o The Grapes of Wrath Cleaned out, slick, said Pa. The bearded man vaguely wandered away. Whats a matter with him? Pa demanded. Cop-happy, said Tom. Fella was savin hes bull- simple. Been beat over the head too much. A second little caravan drove past the camp and climbed to the road and moved away. Come on, Pa. Lets go. Look here, Pa. You an me an A! ride in the seat. Ma can get on the load. No. Ma, you ride in the middle. AF Tom reached under the seat and brought out a big monkey wrench Al, you get up behind. Take this here. Jus in case. If anybody tries to climb up let im have it. Al took the wi mch and climbed up the back board, and he settled himself cross-legged, the wrench in his hand. Tom pulled the iron jack handle from under the seat and laid it on the floor, under the brake pedal. Awright, he said. Get in the middle, Ma. Pa said, I aint got nothin in my han. You can reach over an get the jack handle, said Tom. I hope to Jesus you don need it. He stepped on the starter and the clanking flywheel turned over, the engine caught and died, and caught again. Tom turned on the lights and moved out of the camp in low gear. The dim lights fingered the road nervously. They climbed up to the highway and turned south. Tom said, They comes a time when a man gets mad. Ma broke in, Tom you toF me you promised me you wasnt like that. You promised. I know, Ma. Pm a-tryink But them deputies Did you ever see a deputy that didn have a fat ass? An they waggle their ass an flop their gun aroun. Ma, he said, if it was the The Grapes of Wrath 381 law they was workin with, why, we could take it. But it ain't the law. Theyre a-workin away at our spirits. Theyre a-tryin to make us cringe an crawl like a whipped bitch. They tryin to break us. Why, Jesus Christ, Ma, they comes a time when the ony way a fella can keep his decency is by talon a sock at a cop. Theyre workin on our decency. Ma said, You promised, Tom. Thats how Pretty Boy Floyd done. I knowed his ma. They hurt him. Im a-tryin, Ma. Honest to God, I am. You don want me to crawl like a beat bitch, with my belly on the groun, do you? Tm a-prayin. You got to keep clear, Tom. The famblys breakin up. You got to keep clear. HI try, Ma. But when one a them fat asses gets to workin me over, I got a big job tryin. If it was the law, itd be dif- ferent. But burnin the camp aint the law. The car jolted along. Ahead, a little row of red lanterns stretched across the highway. Detour, I guess, Tom said. He slowed the car and stopped it, and immediately a crowd of men swarmed about the track. They were armed with pick handles and shotguns, They wore trench helmets and some American Legion caps. One man leaned in the , window, and the warm smell of whisky preceded him. Where you think youre goinP He thrust a red face near to Toms face. Tom stiffened. His hand crept down to the floor and felt for the jack handle. Ma caught his arm and held it power- fully. Tom said, Well and then his voice took on a servile whine. Were strangers here, he said. We heard about theys work in a place called Tulare. 382 The Grapes of Wrath Well, goddamn it, youre goln the wrong way. We aint gonna have no goddamn Okies in this town. Toms shoulders and arms were rigid, and a shiver went through him. Ma clung to his arm. The front of the truck was surrounded by the armed men. Some of them, to make fi military appearance, wore tunics and Sam Browne belts. Tom whined, Which way is it at, mister? You turn right around an head north. An dont come back till the cottons ready. Tom shivered all over.. Yes, sir, he said. He put the car in reverse, backed around and turned. He headed back the way he had come. Ma released his arm and patted him softly. And Tom tried to restrain his hard smothered sobbing. Don you mind, Ma said. Don you mind. Tom blew his nose out the window and wiped his eyes on his sleeve. The sons-of-b itches   You done good, Ma said tenderly. You done jus good. Tom swerved into a side dirt road, ran a hundred yards, and turned off his lights and motor. He got out of the car, carrying the jack handle. Where you goin? Ma demanded. Jus gonna look. We aint goin north. The red lanterns moved up the highway. Tom watched them cross the en- trance of the dirt road and continue on. In a few moments there came the sounds of shouts and screams, and then a flar- ing light arose from the direction of the Hooverville. The light grew and spread, and from the distance came a crack- ling sound. Tom got in the truck again. He turned around and ran up the dirt road without lights. At the highway he turned south again, and he turned on his lights. Ma asked timidly, Where we goin, Tom?' Goin south, he said. We couldn let them bastards push The Grapes of Wrath 383 us aroun. We couldn. Try to get aroun the town thout goin through it. Yeah, but where we goinP Pa spoke for the first time. That's what I want ta know. Gonna look for that govment camp, Tom said. A fella said they don let no deputies in there. Ma I got to get away from em. Fm scairt Ill kill one. Easy, Tom. Ma soothed him. Easy, Tommy. You done good once. You can do it again. Yeah, an after a while I wont have no decency lef Easy, she said. You got to have patience. Why, Tom us people will go on livin when all them people is gone. Why, Tom, were the people that live. They aint gonna wipe us out. Why, were the people we go on. We take a heatin all the time. I know. Ma chuckled. Maybe that makes us tough. Rich fellas come up an they die, an their kids aint no good, an they die out. But, Tom, we keep a-comin. Don you fret none, Tom. A different times cornin. How do you know? I don know how. They entered the town and Tom turned down a side street to avoid the center. By the street lights he looked at his mother. Her face was quiet and a curious look was in her eyes, eyes like the timeless eyes of a statue. Tom put out his right hand and touched her on the shoulder. He had to. And then he withdrew his hand. Never heard you talk so much in my life, he said. Wasnt never so much reason, she said He drove through the side streets and cleared the town, and then he crossed back. At an intersection the sign said 99. He turned south on it. Chapter Twenty-One TIHE moving, questing people were migrants now I Those families which had lived on a little piece of JL land, who had lived and died on forty acres, had eaten or starved on the produce of forty acres, had now the whole West to rove in. And they scampered about, looking for work; and the highways were streams of people, and the ditch banks were lines of people. Behind them more were coming. The great highways streamed with moving people. There in the Middle- and Southwest had lived a simple agrarian folk who had not changed with industry, who had not farmed with machines or known the power and danger of machines in private hands. They had not grown up in the paradoxes of industry. Their senses were still sharp to the ridiculousness of the industrial life. And then suddenly the machines pushed them out and they swarmed on the highways. The movement changed them; the highways, the camps along the road, the fear of hunger and the hunger itself, changed them. The children without dinner changed them, the endless moving changed them. They were migrants. And the hostility changed them, welded them, united them hostility that made the little towns group and arm as though to repel an invader, squads with pick handles, clerks and storekeepers with shotguns, guarding the world against their own people. 3  386 The Grapes of Wrath In the West there was panic when the migrants multiplied on the highways. Men of property were terrified for their property. Men who had never been hungry saw the eyes of the hungry. Men who had never wanted anything very much saw the flare of want in the eyes of the migrants. And the men of the towns and of the soft suburban country gathered to defend themselves; and they reassured themselves that they were good and the invaders bad, as a man must do be- fore he fights. They said, These goddamned Okies are dirty and ignorant. Theyre degenerate, sexual maniacs. These goddamned Okies are thieves. Theyll steal anything. Theyve got no sense of property rights. And the latter was true, for how can a man without prop- erty know the ache of ownership? And the defending people said, They bring disease, theyre filthy. We cant have them in the schools. Theyre strangers. Howd you like to have your sister go out with one of em? The local people whipped themselves into a mold of ;ruelty. Then they formed units, squads, and armed them- rmed them with clubs, with gas, with guns. We own the country. We cant let these Okies get out of hand. And. the .nen who -were armed did not own the land, but they thought they did. And the clerks who drilled at night owned nothing, and the little storekeepers possessed only a drawerful of debts. But even a debt is something, even a job is something. The clerk thought, I get fifteen dollars a week. Spose a goddamn Okie would work for twelve? And the little store- keeper thought. How could I compete with a debtless man? And the migrants streamed in on the highways and their hunger was in their eyes, and their need was in their eyes. They had no argument, no system, nothing but their num- bers and their needs. When there was work for a man, ten The Grapes of Wrath 387 men fought for it fought with a low wage. If that fellall work for thirty cents, Ill work for twenty-five. If hell take twenty-five, Ill do it for twenty. No, me, Im hungry. Ill work for fifteen. Ill work for food. The kids. You ought to see them. Little boils, like, cornin out, an they cant run arounk Give em some wind- fall fruit, an 9 they bloated up. Me. Ill work for a little piece of meat. And this was good, for wages went down and prices stayed up. The great owners were glad and they sent our more handbills to bring more people in. And wages went down and prices stayed up. And pretty soon now well have serfs again. And now the great owners and the companies invented a new method. A great owner bought a cannery. And when the peaches and the pears were ripe he cut the price of fruit below the cost of raising it. And as cannery owner he paid himself a low price for the fruit and kept the price of canned goods up and took his profit. And the little farmers who owned no canneries lost their farms, and they were taken by the great owners, the banks, and the companies who also owned the canneries. As time went on, there were fewer farms. The little farmers moved into town for a while and exhausted their credit, exhausted their friends, their relatives. And then they too went on the highways. And the roads were crowded with men ravenous for work, murderous for work. And the companies, the banks worked at their own doom and they did not know it. The fields were fruitful, and starv- ing men moved on the roads. The granaries were full and the children of the poor grew up rachitic, and the pustules of pellagra swelled on their sides. The great companies did 388 The Grapes of Wrath not know that the line between hunger and anger is a thin line. And money that might have gone to wages went for gas, for guns, for agents and spies, for blacklists, for drilling. On the highways the people moved like ants and searched ?or work, for food. And the anger began to ferment. Chapter Twenty-Two I T WAS late when Tom Joad drove along a country road looking for the Weedpatch camp. There were few lights in the countryside. Only a sky glare behind showed the direction of Bakersfield. The truck jiggled slowly along and hunting cats left the road ahead of it. At a crossroad there was a little cluster of white wooden buildings. Ma was sleeping in the seat and Pa had been silent and withdrawn for a long time. Tom said, I don know where she is. Maybe well wait till daylight an ast somebody. He stopped at a boulevard signal and another car stopped at the crossing. Tom leaned out. Hey, mister. Know where the big camp is at? Straight ahead. Tom pulled across into the opposite road. A few hundred yards, and then he stopped. A high wire fence faced the road, and a wide-gated driveway turned in. A little way inside the gate there was a small house with a light in the window. Tom turned in. The whole truck leaped into the air and crashed down again. Jesus! Tom said. I didn even see that hump. A watchman stood up from the porch and walked to the car. He leaned on the side. You hit her too fast, he said Next time youll take it easy. What is it, for Gods sake? 39 The Grapes of Wrath The watchman laughed. Well, a lot of kids play in here. You tell folks to go slow and theyre liable to forget. But let em hit that hump once and they dont forget. Oh! Yeah. Hope I didn break nothin. Say you got any room here for us? Got one camp. How many of you? Tom counted on his fingers. Me an Pa an Ma, Ai an Rosasharn an Uncle John an Ruthie an Winfiel. Them last is kids. Well, I guess we can fix you. Got any camping stuff? Got a big tarp an beds. The watchman stepped up on the running board. Drive down the end of that line an turn right. Youll be in Number Fmir Sanitary Unit. Whats that? Toilets and showers and wash tubs. Ma demanded, You got wash tubs running water? Sure. Oh! Praise God, said Ma. Tom drove down the long dark row of tents. In the sani- tary building a low light burned. Pull in here, the watch- man said. Its a nice place. Folks that had it just moved out. Tom stopped the car. Right there? Yeah. Now you let the others unload while I sign you up. Get to sleep. The camp committeell call on you in the mom- mg and get you fixed up. Toms eyes drew down. Cops? he asked. The watchman laughed. No cops. We got our own cops. Folks here elect their own cops. Come along. Al dropped off the truck and walked around. Gonna stay here? The Grapes of Wrath 391 Yeah, said Tom. You an Pa unload while I go to the office. Be kinda quiet, the watchman said. Theys a lot of folks sleeping. Tom followed through the dark and climbed the office steps and entered a tiny room containing an old desk and a chair. The guard sat down at the desk and took out a form. Name? Tom Joad. That your father? "Yeah "His name? "Tom joad, too. The questions went on. Where from, how long in the State, what work done. The watchman looked up. "Fm not nosy. We got to have this stuff "Sure, said Tom. "Now-got any money? "Little bit. "You aint destitute? "Got a little. Why? "Well, the camp site costs a dollar a week, but you can work it out, carrying garbage, keeping the camp clean stuff like that. "Well work it out, said Tom. "Youll see the committee tomorrow. Theyll show you how to use the camp and tell you the rules. Tom said, "Say what is this? What committee is this, anyways? The watchman settled himself back. "Works pretty nice. There's five sanitary units. Each one elects a Central Com- 392 The Grapes of Wrath mittee man. Now that committee makes the laws. What they say goes. Spose they get tough, Tom said. Well, you can vote em out jus as quick as you vote em in. Theyve done a fine job. Tell you what they did you pie around, preachin an takin up collections? Well, they wanted to preach in thfe camp. And a lot of the older folks wanted them. So it was up to the Central Committee. They went into meeting and heres how they fixed it. They say, Any preacher can preach in this camp. Nobody can take up a collection in this camp. And it was kinda sad for the old foiks, cause there hasnt been a preacher in since. Tom laughed and then he asked, You mean to say the fellas that runs the camp is jus fellas campin here? Sure. And it works. You said about cops   Central Committee keeps order an makes rules. Then theres the ladies. Theyll call on your ma. They keep care of kids an look after the sanitary units. If your ma isnt working, shell look after kids for the ones that is working, an when she gets a job why, therell be others. They sew, and a nurse comes out an teaches em. All kinds of things like that. You mean to say they aint no cops? No, sir. No cop can come in here without a warrant. Well, spose a fella is jus mean, or drunk an quarrel- some. What then? The watchman stabbed the blotter with a pencil. Well the first time the Central Committee warns him. And the sec- ond time they really warn him. The third time they kick him out of the camp. The Grapes of Wrath 393 God Almighty, 1 cant hardly believe it! Tonight the deputies an 5 them fellas with the little caps, they burned the camp out by the river. They dont get in here, the watchman said. Some nights- the boys patrol the fences, specially dance nights. Dance nights? Jesus Christ! We got the best dances in the county every Saturday night. Well, for Christs sake! Why aint they more places like this? The watchman looked sullen. Youll have to find that out yourself. Go get some sleep  Good night, said Tom. Alas gonna like this place. She aint been treated decent for a long time. Good night, the watchman said. Get some sleep. This camp wakes up early. Tom walked down the street between the rows of tents. His eyes grew used to the starlight. He saw that the row were straight and that there was no litter about the tents. The ground of the street had been swept and sprinkled. From the rents came the snores of sleeping people. The whole camp buzzed and snorted. Tom walked slowly. He neared Num- ber Four Sanitary Unit and he looked at it curiously, an un- painted building, low and rough. Under a roof, but open at the sides, the rows of wash trays. He saw the Joad truck standing near by, and went quietly toward it. The tarpaulin was pitched and the camp was quiet. As he drew near a figure moved from the shadow of the truck and came toward him. - , Ma said softly, That you, Tom? Yeah. Sh! she said. Theyre all asleep. They was taxd out, 394 The Grapes of Wrath You ought to be asleep too, Tom said. Well, I wanted to see ya. Is it awright? Ids nice, Tom said. I aint gonna tell ya. Theyll tell ya in the mornin. Ya gonna like it. She whispered, I heard they got hot water. Yeah. Now you get to sleep. I don know when you slep las. She begged, What aint you a-gonna tell me? I aint. You get to sleep. Suddenly she seemed girlish. How can I sleep if I got to think about what you aint gonna tell me? No, you dont, Tom said. First thing in the mornin you get on your other dress an then youll find out. I cant sleep with nothin like that hangin over me. You got to, Tom chuckled happily. You jus got to' Good night, she said softly; and she bent down and dipped under the dark tarpaulin. Tom climbed up over the tail-board of the truck. He lay down on his back on the wooden floor and he pillowed his head on his crossed hands, and his forearms pressed against his ears. The night grew cooler. Tom buttoned his coat over his chest and settled back again. The stars were clear and sharp over his head. It was still dark when he awakened. A small clashing noise brought him up from sleep. Tom listened and heard again the squeak of iron on iron. He moved stiffly and shivered in the morning air. The camp still slept. Tom stood up and looked over the side of the truck. The eastern, mountains were blue- black, and as he watched, the light stood up faintly behind them, colored at the mountain rims with a washed red, then growing colder, grayer, darker, as it went up overhead, until The Grapes of Wrath 395 at a place near the western horizon it merged with pure night. Down in the valley the earth was the lavender-gray of dawn. The clash of iron sounded again. Tom looked down the line of tents, only a little lighter gray than the ground. Be- side a tent he saw a flash of orange fire seeping from the cracks in an old iron stove. Gray smoke spurted up from a stubby smoke-pipe. Tom climbed over the truck side and dropped to the around. He moved slowly toward the stove. He saw a girl working about the stove, saw that she carried a baby on her crooked arm, and that the baby was nursing, its head up under the girls shirtwaist. And the girl moved about, poking the fire, shifting the rusty stove lids to make a better draft, opening the oven door; and all the time the baby sucked, and the mother shifted it deftly from arm to arm. The baby didnt interfere with her work or with the quick graceful- ness of her movements. And the orange fire licked out of the stove cracks and threw flickering reflections on the tent. Tom moved closer. He smelled frying bacon and baking bread. From the east the light grew swiftly. Tom came near to the stove and stretched out his hands to it. The girl looked at him and nodded, so that her two braids jerked. Good momin, she said, and she turned the bacon in the pan. The tent flap jerked up and a young man came out and an older man followed him. They were dressed in new blue dungarees and in dungaree coats, stiff with filler, the brass buttons shining. They were sharp-faced men, and they looked much alike. The younger man had a dark stubble beard and the older man a white stubble beard. Their heads and faces were wet, their hair dripped, water stood in drops 396 The 'Grapes of Wrath on their stiff beards. Their cheeks shone with dampness. To- gether they stood looking quietly into the lightening east. They yawned together and watched the light on the hill rims. And then they turned and saw Tom. MorninY the older man said, and his face was neither friendly nor unfriendly. Homin, said Tom. And, Homin, said the younger man. The water slowly dried on their faces. They came to the stove and warmed their hands at it. The girl kept to her work. Once she set the baby down and tied her braids together in back with a string, and the two braids jerked and swung as she worked. She set tin cups on a big packing box, set tin plates' and knives and forks out. Then she scooped bacon from the deep grease and laid it on a tin platter, and the bacon cricked and rustled as it grew crisp. She opened the rusty oven door and took out a square pan full of big high biscuits. When the smell of the biscuits struck the air both of the men inhaled deeply. The younger said, Kee-rist! softly. Now the older man said to Tom, Had your breakfast? Well, no, I aint. But my folks is over there. They aint up. Need the sleep. Well, set down with us, then. We got plenty thank God! Why, thank ya, Tom said. Smells so darn good I couldn say no. . Dont she? the younger man asked. Ever smell any- thing so good in ya life?  They marched to the packing be x and squatted around it. Workin around here? the young man asked. The Grapes of Wrath 397  to  9 said Tom. We jus 9 got in las 9 night. Aint had no chance to look arounV 9 We had twelve days 9 work , 99 the young man said. The girl, working by the stove, said, They even got new clothes . 99 Both men looked down at their stiff blue clothes, and they smiled a little shyly. The girl set out the platter of bacon and the brown, high biscuits and a bowl of bacon gravy , and a pot of coffee, and . then she squatted down by the box too. The baby still nursed, its head up under the girls shirtwaist. They filled their plates, poured bacon gravy over the bis- cuits, and sugared their coffee. The older man filled his mouth full, and he chewed and chewed and gulped and swallowed. God Almighty, its good!" he said, and he filled his mouth again. The younger man said, We been eatin 9 good for twelve days now. Never missed a meal in twelve days none of us. Workin 9 an 9 gettin 9 our pay an 9 eatin 9 . 99 He fell to again, almost frantically, and refilled his plate. They drank the scalding coffee and threw the grounds to the earth and filled their cups again. There was color in the light now, a reddish gleam. The father and son stopped eating. They were facing to the east and their faces were lighted by the dawn. The image of the mountain and the light coming over it were reflected in their eyes. And then they threw the grounds from their cups to the earth, and they stood up together. Got to git goin" the older man said. The younger turned to Tom. Lookie , 99 he said. Were layin 9 some pipe. T you want to walk over with us, maybe we could get you on . 99 39B The Grapes of Wrath Tom said, Well, thats mighty nice of you. An I sure thank ya for the breakfast. Glad to have you, the older man said. Well try to git you workin if you want. Ya goddamn right I want, Tom said. Jus wait a minute. Ill tell my folks. He hurried to the Joad tent and bent over and looked inside. In the gloom under the tarpaulin he saw the lumps of sleeping figures. But a little movement started among the bedclothes. Ruthie came wriggling out like a snake, her hair down over her eyes and her dress wrinkled and twisted. She crawled carefully out and stood up. Her gray eyes were clear and calm from sleep, and mischief was not in them. Tom moved off from the tent and beckoned her to follow, and when he turned, she looked up at him. Lord God, youre growin up, he said. She looked away in sudden embarrassment. Listen here, Tom said. Dont you wake nobody up, but when they get up, you tell em I got a chancet at a job, an Im a-goin for it. Tell Ma I et breakfas with some neighbors. You hear that? Ruthie nodded and turned her head away, and her eyes were little girls eyes. Dont you wake em up, Tom cau- tioned. He hurried back to his new friends. And Ruthie cautiously approached the sanitary unit and peeked in the open doorway. The two men were waiting when Tom came back. The young woman had dragged a mattress out and put the baby on it while she cleaned up the dishes. Tom said, I wanted to tell my folks where-at I was. They wasnt awake. The three walked down the street between the tents. The camp had begun to come to life. At the new fires the women worked, slicing meat, kneading the dough for the The Grapes of Wrath 399 mornings bread. And the men were stirring about the tents and about the automobiles. The sky was rosy now. In front of the office a lean old man raked the ground carefully. He so dragged his rake that the tine marks were straight and deep. . Youre out early, Pa, the young man said as they went by.  Yep, yep. Got to make up my rent. Rent, hell! the young man said. He was drunk last Satdy night. Sung in his tent all night. Committee give him work for it. They walked along the edge of the oiled road; a row of walnut trees grew beside the way. The sun shoved its edge over the mountains. Tom said, Seems funny. Ive et your food, an I aint toF you my name nor you aint mentioned yours. Im Tom Joad. The older man looked at him, and then he smiled a little. You aint been out here long? ; Hell, no! Jus a couple days. I knowed it. Funny, you git outa the habit a mentionin your name. Theys so goddamn many. Jist fellas. Well, sir Im Timothy Wallace, an this heres my boy Wilkie. Proud to know ya, Tom said. You been out here long? Ten months, Wilkie said. Got here right on the tail a the floods las year. Jesus! We had a time, a time! Goddamn near starve to death. Their feet rattled on the oiled road. A truckload of men -went by, and each man was sunk into him- self. Each man braced himself in the truck bed and scowled down. Goiffi out for the Gas Company, Timothy said. They got a nice job of it. 400 The Grapes of Wrath I could of took our truck  5 Tom suggested. No. Timothy leaned down and picked up a green wal- nut. He tested it with his thumb and then shied it at a black-, bird sitting on a fence wire. The bird flew up, let the nut sail under it, and then settled back on the wire and smoothed its shining black feathers with its beak. Tom asked, Aint you got no car ? 55 Both Wallaces were silent, and Tom, looking at their faces, saw that they were ashamed. Wilkie said, Place we work at is ony a mile up the road. Timothy said angrily, No, we aint got no car. We soF our car. Had to. Rim outa food, run outa everthing. Couldn git no job. Fellas come aroun 5 ever 5 week, buy in 5 cars. Come aroun 5 , an 5 if youre hungry, why, theyll buy your car. An if youre hungry enough, they dont hafta pay nothin for it. An we was hungry enough. Give us ten dollars for her. 5 ' He spat into the road. Wilkie said quietly, I was in BakersfieF las week. I seen her a-settin in a use-car lot settin 5 right there, an seventy- five dollars was the sign on her. We had to, Timothy said, It was either us let em steal our car or us steal somepin from them. We aint had to steal yet, but, goddamn it, we been close! Tom said, You know, fore we lef home, we heard they was plenty work out here. Seen hanbills askin folks to come Yeah, Timothy said. We seen em too. An they aint much work. An wages is cornin down all a time. I git so goddamn tired jus figgerin how to eat. You got work now, Tom suggested. Yeah  but it aint gonna las long. Workin for a nice fella. The Grapes of Wrath 401 1 Got a little place. Works longside of ns. But, hell  it aint gonna las no time. Tom said, Why in hell yon gonna git me on? Ill make it shorter. What you cuttin your own throat for? Timothy shook his head slowly. I dunno. Got no sense, I guess. We flggered to get us each a hat. Cant do it, I guess. Theres the place, off to the right there. Nice job, too, Gettin thirty cents an hour. Nice frienly fella to work for. They turned off the highway and walked down a graveled road, through a small kitchen orchard; and behind the trees they came to a small white farm house, a few shade trees, and a barn; behind the barn a vineyard and a field of cotton. As the three men walked past the house a screen door banged, and a stocky sunburned man came down the back steps. He wore a paper sun helmet, and he rolled up his sleeves as he came across the yard. His heavy sunburned eye- brow's were drawn down in a scowl. His cheeks were sun- burned a beef red. Momin, Mr. Thomas, Timothy said. Morning. The man spoke irritably. Timothy said, This heres Tom Joad. We wondered if you could see your way to put him on? Thomas scowled at Tom. And then he laughed shortly, and his brows still scowled. Oh, sure! Ill put him on. Ill put everybody on. Maybe Ill get a hundred men on.  We jus thought Timothy began apologetically. Thomas interrupted him. Yes, I been thinkin too. He swung around and faced them, Ive got some things to tell you. I been paying you thirty cents an hour that right? Why, sure, Mr, Thomas but   And I been getting thirty cents worth of work. His heavy hard hands clasped each other. 402 The Grapes of Wrath We try to give a good day of work. Well, goddamn it, this morning youre getting twenty- five cents an hour, and you take it or leave it. The redness of his face deepened with anger. Timothy said, Weve give you good work. You said so yourself. I know it. But it seems like I aint hiring my own men any more. He swallowed. Look, he said. I got sixty-five acres here. Did you ever hear of the Farmers Association? Why, sure. Well, I belong to it. We had a meeting last night. Now, do you know who runs the Farmers Association? Ill tell you. The Bank of the West. That bank owns most of this valley, and its got paper on everything it dont own. So last night the member from the bank told me, he said, Youre paying thirty cents an hour. Youd better cut it down to twenty-five. I said, Ive got good men. Theyre worth thirty. And he says, It isnt that, he says. The wage is twenty-five now. If you pay thirty, itll only cause unrest. And by the way, he says, you going to need the usual amount for a crop loan next year?  Thomas stopped. His breath was panting through his lips. You see? The rate is twenty-five cents and like it. We done good work, Timothy said helplessly. Aint you got it yet? Mr. Bank hires two thousand men an I hire three. Ive got paper to meet. Now if you can figure some way out, by Christ, Ill take it! They got me. Timothy shook his head. I don know what to say. You wait here. Thomas walked quickly to the house. The door slammed after him. In a moment he was back, and he carried a newspaper in his hand. Did you see this? Here, Ill read it Citizens, angered at red agitators, bum squatters The Grapes of Wrath 403 camp. Last night a band of citizens, infuriated at the agita- tion going on in a local squatters camp, burned the tents to the ground and warned agitators to get out of the county.  Tom began, Why, I and then he closed his mouth and was silent. Thomas folded the paper carefully and put it in his pocket. He had himself in control again. He said quietly, Those men were sent out by the Association. Now Im giving em away. And if they ever find out I told, I wont have a farm next year. I jus dont know what to say, Timothy said. If they was agitators, I can see why they was mad. Thomas said, I watched it a long time. Theres always red agitators just before a pay cut. Always. Goddamn it, they got me trapped. Now, what are you going to do? Twenty- five cents? Timothy looked at the ground. Ill work, he said. Me too, said Wilkie. Tom said, Seems like I walked into somepin. Sure, Ill work. I got to work. Thomas pulled a bandanna out of his hip pocket and wiped his mouth and chin. I dont know how long it can go on. I dont know how you men can feed a family on what you get now. We can while we work, Wilkie said. Its when we dont git work. Thomas looked at his watch. Well, lets go out and dig some ditch. By God, he said, Im a-gonna tell you. You fellas live in that government camp, dont you? ; Timothy stiffened. Yes, sir. 1 And you have dances every Saturday night? ; Wilkie smiled. We sure do  404 The Grapes of Wrath Well, look out next Saturday night. Suddenly Timothy straightened. He stepped close. What you mean? I belong to the Central Committee. I got te know. Thomas looked apprehensive. Dont you ever tell I What is it? Timothy demanded. Well, the Association dont like the government camps. Cant get a deputy in there. The people make their own laws, hear, and you cant arrest a man without a warrant. Now if there was a big fight and maybe shooting a bunch of depu- ties could go in and clean out the camp. Timothy had changed. His shoulders were straight and his eyes cold. What you mean? Dont you ever tell where you heard, Thomas said un . Theres going to be a fight in the camp Saturday night. And theres going to be deputies ready to go in. Tom demanded, Why, for Gods sake? Those folks aint bothering nobody. Ill tell you why, Thomas said. Those folks in the camp are getting used to being treated like humans. When they go back to the squatters camps theyll be hard to handle. He his face again. Go on out to work now. Jesus, I hope havent talked myself out of my farm. But I like you peo- mothy stepped in front of him and put out a hard lean hand, and Thomas took it. Nobody wont know who tol. thank you. They wont be no fight. Go on to work, Thomas said. And its twenty-five cents an hour. Well take it, Wilkie said, from you. Thomas walked away toward the house. Ill be out in a The Grapes of Wrath 405 piece, he said. You men get to work. The screen door slammed behind him. The three men walked out past the little white-washed bam, and along a field edge. They came to a long narrow ditch with sections of concrete pipe lying beside it Heres where were a-workin, Wilkie said. His father opened the bam and passed out two picks and three shovels. And he said to Tom, Heres your beauty. Tom hefted the pick. Jumping Jesus! If she dont feel good! Waitll about leven oclock, Wilkie suggested. See how good she feels then. They walked to the end of the ditch. Tom took off his coat and dropped it on the dirt pile. He pushed up his cap and stepped into the ditch. Then he spat on his hands. The pick arose into the air and flashed down. Tom granted softly. The pick rose and fell, and the grant came at the mo- ment it sank into the ground and loosened the soil. Wilkie said, Yes, sir, Pa, we got here a first-grade muck- stick man. This here boy been married to that there little digger. Tom said, I put in time umph. Yes, sir, I sure did umph. Put in my years umph!. Kinda like the feel umph! 7 The soil loosened ahead of him. The sun cleared the fruit trees now and the grape leaves were golden green on the vines. Six feet along and Tom stepped aside and wiped his forehead. Wilkie came behind him. The shovel rose and fell and the dirt flew out to the pile beside the lengthening ditch. I heard about this here Central Committee, said Tom. So youre one of em. Yes, sir, Timothy replied. And its a responsibility. A8 40 6 The Grapes of Wrath them people. Were doin our best. An the people in the camp a-doin their best. I wisht them big farmers wouldn 5 plague us so. I wisht they wouldn. Tom climbed back into the ditch and Wilkie stood aside. Tom said, How bout this fight  umph !  at the dance, he toP about umph What they wanta do that for? Timothy followed behind Wilkie, and Timothys shovel beveled the bottom of the ditch and smoothed it ready for the pipe. Seems like they got to drive us, Timothy said. Theyre scairt well organize, I guess. An maybe theyre right. This here camp is a organization. People there look out for theirselves. Got the nicest Strang band in these parts. Got a little charge account in the store for folks thats hun- gry. Fi dollars you can git that much food an the campll stan good. We aint never had no trouble with the law. I guess the big farmers is scairt of that. Cant throw us in jail why, it scares em. Figger maybe if we can goven our- selves, maybe well do other things. Tom stepped clear of the ditch and wiped the sweat out of his eyes. You hear what that paper said bout agitators up north a BakersfieF? Sure, said Wilkie. They do that all a time. Well, I was there. They wasnt no agitators. What they call reds. What the hell is these reds anyways? Timothy scraped a little hill level in the bottom of the ditch. The sun made his white bristle beard shine. Theys a lot a fellas wanta know .what reds is. He laughed. One of our boys foun out. He patted the piled earth gently with his shovel. Fella named Hines got bout thirty thousan acres, peaches and grapes got a cannery an a winery. Well, hes all a time talkin about them goddamn reds. God- damn reds is drivin the country to ruin, he says, an" We The Grapes of Wrath 4c 7 got to drive these here red bastards out Well, they were a young fella jus come out west here, an hes listenin one day. He kinda scratched his head an he says, Mr. Hines, I aint been here long. What is these goddamn reds? Well, sir, Hines says, A red is any son-of-a-bitch that wants thirty cents an hour when were payin twenty-five! Well, this young fella he thinks about her, an he scratches his head, an he says, Well, Jesus, Mr. Hines. I aint a son-of-a-bitch, but if thats what a red is why, 1 want thirty cents an hour. Everbody does. Hell, Mr. Hines, were all reds.  Timothy drove his shovel along the ditch bottom, and the solid earth shone where the shovel cut it. Tom laughed. Me too, I guess. His pick arced up and drove down, and the earth cracked under it. The sweat rolled down his forehead and down the sides of his nose, and it glistened on his neck,. Damn it, he said, a pick is a nice tool  umph , if you don fight it  uinph . You an the pick  iimph  workin together umph In line, the three men worked, and the ditch inched along, and the sun shone hotly down on them in the growing morn- ing. When Tom left her, Ruthie gazed in at the door of the sanitary unit for a while. Her courage was not strong with- out Winfield to boast for. She put a bare foot in on the con- crete floor, and then withdrew it. Down the line a woman came out of a tent and started a fire in a tin camp stove. Ruthie took a few steps in that direction, but she could not leave. She crept to the entrance of the Joad tent and looked in. On one side, lying on the ground, lay Uncle John, hir, mouth open and his snores bubbling spittily in his throat. Ma and Pa were covered with a comfort, their heads in, away 408 The Grapes of Wrath from the light. A1 was on the far side from Uncle John, and his arm was flung over his eyes. Near the front of the tent Rose of Sharon and Winfield lay, and there was the space where Ruthie had been, beside Winfield. She squatted down and peered in. Her eyes remained on Winfields tow head; and as she looked, the little boy opened his eyes and stared out at her, and his eyes were solemn. Ruthie put her finger to her lips and beckoned with her other hand. Winfield rolled his eyes over to Rose of Sharon. Her pink flushed face was near to him, and her mouth was open a little. Winfield care- fully loosened the blanket and slipped out. He crept out of the tent cautiously and joined Ruthie. How long you been up? he whispered. She led him away with elaborate caution, and when they were safe, she said, I never been to bed. I was up all night. You was not, Winfield said. Youre a dirty liar. A wright, she said. If Im a liar I aint gonna tell you nothin that happened. I aint gonna tell how the fella got killed with a stab knife an how they was a bear come in an took off a little chile. They wasnt no bear, Winfield said uneasily. He brushed up his hair with his fingers and he pulled down his overalls at the crotch. All right they wasnt no bear, she said sarcastically An they aint no white things made outa dish-stuff, like in the catalogues. Winfield regarded her gravely. He pointed to the sanitary unit. In there? he asked. Im a dirty liar, Ruthie said. It aint gonna do me no good to tell stuff to you. Les go look, Winfield said. The Grapes of Wrath 49 1 already been, Ruthie said. I already set on em. I even peed in one. You never neither, said Winfield. They went to the unit building, and that time Ruthie was not afraid. Boldly she led the way into the building. The toilets lined one side of the large room, and each toilet had its compartment with a door in front of it. The porcelain was gleaming white. Hand basins lined another wall, while on the third wall were four shower compartments. There, said Ruthie. Thems the toilets. I seen em in the catalogue. The children drew near to one of the toilets. Ruthie, in a burst of bravado, boosted her skirt and sat down. I toF you I been here, she said. And to prove it, there was a tinkle of water in the bowl. Winfield was embarrassed. His hand twisted the flushing lever. There was a roar of water. Ruthie leaped into the air and jumped away. She and Winfield stood in the middle of the room and. looked at the toilet. The hiss of water contin- ued in it. Ruthie said. You went an broke it. I seen You done it, 5 you. I never. Honest I never. I seen you, Ruthie said. You jus ain t to no nice stuff. Winfield sunk his chin. He looked up at eyes filled with tears. His chin quivered. A instantly contrite. Never you mind, she said. I won t tel. pretend like she was already broke. Well j even been in here. She led him out of the be The sun lipped over the mountain by no be trusted with 4io The Grapes of Wrath' corragated-irom roofs of the five sanitary units, shone on the gray tents and on the swept ground of the streets between the tents. And the camp was waking up. The fires were burn- ing in camp stoves, in the stoves made of kerosene cans and of sheets of metal. The smell of smoke was in the air. Tent, flaps were thrown back and people moved about in the streets. In front of the Joad tent Ma stood looking up and down the street. She saw the children and came over to them, I was worry in, Ma said. I dido know where you was. We was jus lookin, Ruthie said. ' Well, wheres Tom? You seen him? Ruthie became important. Yes, maam. Tom, he got me up an he toF me what to tell you. She paused to let her im- portance be apparent. Well what? Ma demanded. He said tell you She paused again and looked to see that Winfield appreciated her position. Ma raised her hand, the back of it toward Ruthie. What? He got work, said Ruthie quickly. Went out to work. She looked apprehensively at Mas raised hand. The hand sank down again, and then it reached out for Ruthie. Ma em- braced Ruthies shoulders in a quick convulsive hug, and then released her. Ruthie stared at the ground in embarrassment, and changed the subject. They got toilets over there, she said. White ones. You been in there? Ma demanded. Me an WinfieF, she said; and then, treacherously,, Winder, he bust a toilet. Winfield turned red. He glared at Ruthie. She peed in. one, he said viciously. Ma was apprehensive. Now what did you do? You show The Grapes of Wrath 41 1 me. She forced them to the door and inside. Now whatd you do? Ruthie pointed. It was a-hissin and a-swishin. Stopped now. Show me what you done, Ma demanded. Winfield went reluctantly to the toilet. I didn push it hard, he said. I jus had aholt of this here, an The swish of water came again. He leaped away. Ma threw back her head and laughed, while Ruthie and Winfield regarded her resentfully. Thas the way she works, Ma said. I seen them before. When you finish, you push that. The shame of their ignorance was too great for the chil- dren. They went out the door, and they walked down the street to stare at a large family eating breakfast. Ma watched them out of the door. And then she looked about the room. She went to the shower closets and looked in. She walked to the wash basins and ran her finger over the white porcelain. She turned the water on a little and held her finger in the stream, and jerked her hand away when the water came hot. For a moment she regarded the basin, and then, setting the plug, she filled the bowl a little from the hot faucet, a little from the cold. And then she washed her hands in the warm water, and she washed her face. She was brush- ing water through her hair with her fingers when a step sounded on the concrete floor behind her. Ma swung around. An elderly man stood looking at her with an expression of righteous shock. He said harshly, How you come in here? Ma gulped, and she felt the water dripping from her chin and soaking through her dress. I didn know, she said apologetically. I thought this here was for folks to use. 412 The Grapes of Wrath The elderly man frowned on her. For men folks, he said sternly. He walked to the door and pointed to a sign on it MEN. There, he said. That proves it. Didn yon see that? No, Ma said in shame, I never seen it. Aint they a place vhere I can go? The mans anger departed. You jus come? he asked more kindly. Middle of the night, said Ma. Then you aint talked to the Committee? What committee? Why, the Ladies Committee. No J aint. He said proudly, The Committeell call on you purty soon an fix you up. We take care of folks that jus come in. Now, if you want a ladies toilet, you jus go on the other side of the building. That sides yourn. Ma said uneasily, Ya say a ladies committee cornin to my tent? He nodded his head. Purty soon, I guess. Thank ya, said Ma. She hurried out, and half ran to the tent. Pa, she called. John, git up! You, Ah Git up an git washed. Startled sleepy eyes looked out at her. All of you, Ma cried. You git up an git your face washed. An comb your hair. Uncle John looked pale and sick. There was a red bruised place on his chin. Pa demanded, Whats the matter? The Committee, Ma cried. Theys a committee a ladies committee a-comin to visit. Git up now, an git The Grapes of Wrath 413 washed. An while, we was a-sleepin an a -snorin, Toms went out an got work. Git up, now. They came sleepily out of the tent. Unde John staggered a little, and his face was pained. Git over to that house and wash up, Ma ordered. We got to get breakfus an be ready for the Committee. She went to a little pile of split wood in the camp lot. She started a fire and put up her cooking irons. Pone, she said to her- self. Pone an gravy. Thats quick. Got to be quick. She talked on to herself, and Ruthie and Winfield stood by, won- dering. The smoke of the morning fires arose all over the camp, and the mutter of talk came from all sides. Rose of Sharon, unkempt and sleepy-eyed, crawled out of the tent. Ma turned from the cornmeal she was measuring in fistfuls. She looked at the girls wrinkled dirty dress, at her frizzled uncombed hair. You got to clean up, she said briskly. Go right over and clean up. You got a clean dress. I washed it. Git your hair combed. Git the seeds out a your eyes. Ma was excited. v Rose of Sharon said sullenly, I don feel good. I wisht Connie would come. I dont feel like doin nothin thout Connie. Ma turned full around on her. The yellow cornmeal clung to her hands and wrists. Rosasharn, she said sternly, you git upright. You jus been mopin enough. Thtys a ladies committee a-comin, an the fambly aint gonna be frawny when they get here. But I don feel good. Ma advanced on her, mealy hands held out. Git, Ma said. Theys times when how you feel got to be kep i 0 your- self. 414 The Grapes of Wrath Im a-goin to vomit" Rose of Sharon whined. Well, go an" vomit. "Course youre gonna vomit. Every- body does. Git it over an" then you clean up, an you wash your legs an put on them shoes of yourn. She turned back to her work. An braid your hair, she said. A frying pan of grease sputtered over the fire, and it splashed and hissed when Ma dropped the pone in with a spoon.. She mixed flour with grease in a kettle and added water and salt and stirred the gravy. The coffee began to turn over in the gallon can, and the smell of coffee rose from it. Pa wandered back from the sanitary unit, and Ma looked critically up. Pa said, Ya say Toms got work? Yes, sir. Went out fore we was awake. Now look in that box an get you some clean overhalls an a shirt. An, Pa, Im awful busy. You git in Ruthie an WinfiePs ears. Theys hot water. Will you do that? Scrounge aroun in their ears good, an their necks. Get em red an shinin.' Never seen you so bubbly, Pa said. Ma cried, This heres the time the fambly got to get decent. Cornin acrost they wasnt no chancet. But now we can. Thow your dirty overhalls in the tent an Ill wash em out. Pa went inside the tent, and in a moment he came out with pale blue, washed overalls and shirt on. And he led the sad and startled children toward the sanitary unit. Ma called after him, Scrounge aroun good in their ears. Uncle John came to the door of the mens side and looked out, and then he went back and sat on the toilet a long time and held his aching head in his hands. Ma had taken up a panload of brown pone and was drop- ping spoons of dough in the grease for a second pan when a The Grapes of Wrath 415 shadow fell on the ground beside her. She looked over her shoulder. A little man dressed all in white stood behind her a man. with a thin, brown, lined face and merry eyes. He was lean as a picket. His white clean clothes were frayed at the seams. He smiled at Ma. Good morning, he said. Ma looked at his white clothes and her face hardened wdth suspicion. MominV she said. Are you Mrs. Joad? Yes Well, Im Jim Rawley. Fm camp manager, just dropped by to see if everythings all right. Got everything you need?  Ma studied him suspiciously. Yes, she said. Rawley said, I was asleep when you came last night. Lucky we had a place for you. Flis voice was warm. Ma said simply, Its nice. Specially them wash tubs. You wait till the women get to washing. Pretty soon now. You never heard such a fuss. Like a meeting. Know what they did yesterday, Mrs. Joad? They had a chorus. Singing a hymn tune and rubbing the clothes ail in time. That was something to hear, I tell you. The suspicion was going out of Mas face. Must a been nice. Youre the boss? No, he said. The people here worked m out of a job. They keep the camp clean, they keep order, they do every- thing. I never saw such people. Theyre making clothes in the meeting hall. And theyre making toys. Never saw such people. Ma looked down at her dirty dress. We aint clean yet, she said. You jus cant keep clean a-travelin. Dont I know it, he said. He sniffed the air. Say is that your coffee smells so good? Ma smiled. Does smell nice, dont it? Outside it always 4i0 The Grapes of Wrath smells nice . 9 And she said proudly, Wed take it in honor t youd have some breakfus with us. He came to the fire and squatted on his hams, and the lasi ; of Alas resistance went down. Wed be proud to have ya, she said. We aint got much thats nice, but youre wel- come. The little man grinned at her. I had my breakfast. Bute Fd sure like a cup of that coffee. Smells so good. Why why, sure. Dont hurry yourself. Ala poured a tin cup of coffee from the gallon can. She said, We aint got sugar yet. Maybe well get some today. If you need sugar, it wont taste good. Never use sugar, he said. Spoils the taste of good - coffee. Well, I like a little sugar, said Ala. She looked at him suddenly and closely, to see how he had come so close so quickly. She looked for motive on his face, and found nothing but friendliness. Then she looked at the frayed seams on his white coat, and she was reassured. He sipped the coffee. I guess the ladiesll be here to see you this morning. We aint clean, Ma said. They shouldnt be cornin till we get cleaned up a little. But they know how it is, the manager said. They came in the same way. No, sir. The committees are good in this camp because they do know. He finished his coffee and stood up. Well, I got to go on. Anything you want, why, come over to the office. Im there all the time. Grand coffee. Thank you. He put the cup on the box with the others waved his hand, and walked down the line of tents. And Msi heard him speaking to the people as he went.  The Grapes of Wrath 417  Ma put down her head and she fought with a desire to cry. Pa came back leading the children, their eyes still wet Hth pain at the ear-scrounging. They were subdued and shining. The sunburned skin on Winfields nose was scrubbed off. There, Pa said. Got dirt an two layers a skin. Had to almost lick em to make em stan still. Ma appraised them. They look nice, she said. Hep yaself to pone an gravy. We got to get stuff outa the way an the tent in order. j Pa served plates for the children and for himself. Wonder I where T om got work?  I I dunno ! Well, if he can, we can. A1 came excitedly to the tent. What a place! he said. He j helped himself and poured coffee. Know what a fellas doin? Hes buildin a house trailer. Right over there, back a them tents. Got beds an a stove everthing. Jus live in her. ! By God, thats the way to live! Right where you stop  thas where you live. Ma said, I rather have a little house. Soons we can, I want ; a little house. j Pa said, Al after weve et, you an me an Uncle Johnll j take the track an go out lookin for work. Sure, said Al. I like to get a job in a garage if theys any jobs. Thas what I really like. An get me a little ol cut-down J Ford. Paint her yella an go a-kyoodlin aroun. Seen a purty girl down the road. Give her a big wink, too. Purty as hell, j too. Pa said sternly, You better get you some work fore you ' go a-tom-cattin. Uncle John came out of the toilet and moved slowly near. I Ma frowned at him. 1 1 8 The Grapes of Wrath You aint washed she began, and then she saw how sick and weak and sad he looked. You go on in the tent an lay down, she said. You aint well. He shook his head. No, he said. 1 sinned, an I got to take my punishment. He squatted down disconsolately and poured himself a cup of coffee. Ma took the last pones from the pan. She said casually, The manager of the camp come an set an had a cup a coffee. Pa looked over slowly. Yeah? Whats he want awready? ' Jus come to pass the time, Ma said daintily. Jus set down an had coffee. Said he didn get good coffee so often, an smelt ourn. Whatd he want? Pa demanded again. Didn want nothin. Come to see how we was gettin on. I don believe it, Pa said. Hes probably a-snootin an a-smellin aroun. He was not! Ma cried angrily. I can tell a fella thats snootin aroun quick as the nex person. Pa tossed his coffee grounds out of his cup. You got to quit that, Ma said. This heres a clean place. You see she dont get so goddamn clean a fella cant live in her, Pa said jealously. Hurry up, Al. Were goin out lookin for a job.  Al wiped his mouth with his hand. Im ready, he said. Pa turned to Uncle John. You a-comin? Yes, Im a-comin. You dont look so good. I aint so good, but Im cornin. Al got in the truck. Have to get gas, he said. He started j The Grapes of Wrath 419 ! the engine Pa and Uncle John climbed in beside him and the ? truck moved away down the street.  Ma watched them go. And then she took a bucket and  went to the wash trays under the open part of the sanitary j unit. She filled her bucket with hot water and carried it back 5 to her camp. And she was washing the dishes in the bucket l when Rose of Sharon came back. I put your stuff on a plate, Ma said. And then she looked closely at the girl. Her hair was dripping and combed, and , her skin was bright and pink. She had put on the blue dress j printed with little white flowers. On her feet she wore the 1 heeled slippers of her wedding. She blushed under Mas gaze. You had a bath, Ma said. Rose of Sharon spoke huskily. I was in there when a lady come in an done it. Know what you do? You get in a little stall-like, an you turn handles, an water comes a-floodin down on you hot water or col water, jus like you want it an I done it! Im a-goin to myself, Ma cried. Jus soon as I get I finish here. You show me how. Im a-gonna do it ever day, the girl said. An that lady j she seen me, an she seen about the baby, an know what 1 she said? Said theys a nurse comes ever week. An Im to go  see that nurse an shell tell me jus what to do sos the babyll be strong. Says all the ladies here do that. An Im a-gonna do j it. The words bubbled out. An know what? Las week they was a baby homed an the whole camp give a party, an ; they give clothes, an they give stuff for the baby even give 2 a baby buggy wicker one. Wasnt new, but they give it a coat a pink paint, an it was jus like new. An they give the baby a name, an had a cake. Oh, Lord! She subsided, breathing heavily. 420 The Grapes of Wrath Ma said, Praise God, we come home to our own people,. Im a-gonna have a bath. Oh, its nice, the giri said. Ma wiped the tin dishes and stacked them. She said, Were Joads. We dont look up to nobody. Grampas gram- pa, he fit in the Revolution. We was farm people till the debt. And then them people. They done somepin to us. Ever time they come seemed like they was a-whippin me all of us. An in Needles, that police. He done somepin to me, made me feel mean. Made me feel ashamed. An now I aint ashamed. These folks is our folks is our folks. An that manager, he come an set an drank coffee, an he says, Mrs. Joad this, an Mrs. Joad that an How you gettin on, Mrs. Joad? She stopped and sighed. Why, I feel like people again. She stacked the last dish. She went into the tent and dug through the clothes box for her shoes and a clean dress. And she found a little paper package with her earrings in it. As she went past Rose of Sharon, she said, If them ladies comes, you tell em Ill be right back. She disappeared around the side of the sanitary unit. Rose of Sharon sat down heavily on a box and regarded her wedding shoes, black patent leather and tailored black bows. She wiped the toes with her finger and wiped her finger on the inside of her skirt. Leaning down put a pressure on her growing abdomen. She sat up straight and touched herself with exploring fingers, and she smiled a little as she did it. Along the road a stocky woman walked, carrying an apple box of dirty clothes toward the wash tubs. Her face was brown with sun, and her eyes were black and intense. She wore a great apron, made from a cotton bag, over her ging- ham dress, and mens brown oxfords were on her feet. She The Grapes of Wrath 421 saw that Rose of Sharon caressed herself, and she saw the little smile on the girls face. So! she cried, and she laughed with pleasure. What you think its gonna be? Rose of Sharon blushed and looked down at the ground, and then peeked up, and the little shiny black eyes of the woman took her in. I don know, she mumbled. The woman plopped the apple box on the ground. Got a live tumor, she said, and she cackled like a happy hen. Whichd you ruther? she demanded. I dunno boy, 1 guess. Sure boy. You jus come in, didn ya? Las night late. Gonna stay? I don know. F we can get work, guess we will A shadow crossed the womans face, and the little black syes.grew fierce.  F you can git work. Thats what we all say. L My brother got a job already this mornin. Did, huh? Maybe youre lucky. Look out for luck. You cant trus luck. She stepped close. You can only git one kind a luck. Caint have more. You be a good girl, she said fiercely. You be good. If you got sin on you you better watch out for that there baby. She squatted down in front of Rose of Sharon. Theys scandalous things goes on in this here camp, she said darkly. Ever Satdy night theys dancin, an not only squar dancin, neither. Theys some does clutch-an-hug dancin! I seen em. Rose of Sharon said guardedly, I like dancin, squar dancin. And she added virtuously, I never done that other 1 kind  The brown woman nodded her head dismally. Well, 422 The Grapes of Wrath some does. An 9 the Lord aint lettin it get by, neither; an don yon think He is. No, maam, the girl said softly. The woman put one brown wrinkled hand on Rose of Sharons knee, and the girl flinched under the touch. You let me warn you now. They aint but a few deep down Jesus- lovers lef. Ever Satdy night when that there strang ban 9 starts up an should be a-playin 9 hymnody, theyre a-reelin 9 yes, sir, a-reelin. I seen em. Wont go near, myself, nor I don let my kin go near. Theys clutch-an-hug, I tell ya. She paused for emphasis and then said, in a hoarse whisper, They do more. They give a stage play. She backed away and cocked her head to see how Rose of Sharon would take such a revelation. Actors? the girl said in awe. No, sir! the woman exploded. Not actors, not them already damn people. Our own kinda folks. Our own peo- ple. An 9 they was little children didn know no better, in it, an 9 they was pertendin to be stuff they wasnt. I didn go near. But I hearn em talkin what they was a-doin. The devil was jus 9 a-struttin through this here camp. Rose of Sharon listened, her eyes and mouth open. Oncet in school we give a Chris chile play Christmus. Well I ain sayin thas bad or good. Theys good folks thinks a Chris chile is awright. But well, 1 wouldn care to come right out flat an say so. But this here wasn no Chris chile. This here was sin an delusion an devil stuff. Struttin 9 an 9 paradin an 9 speakin like theyre somebody they aint. An dancin an clutchin 9 an a-huggin. Rose of Sharon sighed. An not jus a few, neither, the brown woman went on. Gettin sos you can almos count the deep-down Iamb- The Grapes of Wrath 423 blood folks on your toes. An don you think them sinners is puttin nothin over on God, neither. No, sir, Hes a-chalkin em up sin by sin, an Hes drawin His line an addin em up sin by sin. Gods a-watchin, an Fm a-watchin. Hes aw- ready smoked two of em out. Rose of Sharon panted, Has? The brown womans voice was rising in intensity. I seen it. Girl a-carryin a little one, jes like you. An she play- acted, an she hug-danced. And the voice grew bleak and ominous she thinned out and she skinnied out, an she dropped that baby, dead. Oh, my! The girl was pale. Dead and bloody. Course nobody wouldn speak to her no more. She had a go away. Cant tech sin thout catchin it. No, sir. An they was another, done the same thing. An she skinnied out, an know what? One night she was gone. An two days, shes back. Says she was visitin. Rut she aint got no baby. Know what I think? I think the manager, he took her away to drop her baby. He don believe in sin. ToP me hisself. Says the sin is bein hungry. Says the sin is bein Says I tell ya, he tol me hisself cant see God in them things. Says them girls skinnied out cause they didn nough food. Well, I fixed him up. She rose to her feet and stepped back. Her eyes were sharp. She pointed a rigid finger in Rose of Sharons face. I says, Git back! I I says, I knowed the devil was rampagin in this here camp. Now I know who the devil is. Git back, Satan, I says. An by Chris, he got back! Tremblin he was, an sneaky. Please! Says, Please don make the folks unhappy. I says, Unhappy? How bout their soul? How bout them dead babies an them 424 The Grapes of Wrath knowed when he met a real testifier to the Lord. I says, Pm a-helpin Jesus watch the goins-on. An you an them other sinners aint gittin away with it. She picked up her box of dirty clothes. You take heed. I warned you. You take heed a that pore chile in your belly an keep outa sin. And she t strode away titanically, and her eyes shone with virtue, y Rose of Sharon watched her go, and then she put her head down on her hands and whimpered into her palms. A soft voice sounded beside her. She looked up, ashamed. It was the little white-clad manager. Dont worry, he said. Dont you worry. Her eyes blinded with tears. But I done it, she cried. I hug-danced. I didn tell her. I done it in Sallisaw. Me an 5 Connie. Dont worry, he said. She says Ill drop the baby. I know she does. I kind of keep my eye on her. Shes a good woman, but she makes people unhappy. Rose of Sharon sniffled wetly. She knowed two girls los their baby right in this here camp. The manager squatted down in front of her. Look! he said. Listen to me. I know them too. They were too hun- gry and too tired. And they worked too hard. And they rode on a truck over bumps. They were sick. It wasnt their fault. But she said   Dont worry. That woman likes to make trouble. But she says you was the devil. I know she does. Thats because I wont let her make people miserable. He patted her shoulder Dont you worry. She doesnt know. And he walked quickly away. Rose of Sharon looked after him his lean shoulders jerked The Grapes of Wrath 425 as he walked. She was still watching his slight figure when Ma came back, clean and pink, her hair combed and wet, and gathered in a knot. She wore her -figured dress and the old cracked shoes;- and the little earrings hung in her ears. I done it, 5  she said. I stood in there an let warm water come a-floodin an a-fiowin down over me. An they w r as a lady says you can do it ever day if you want. An them ladies committee come yet? Uhuh! said the girl. a An you jes set there an didn redd up the camp none! Ma gathered up the tin dishes as she spoke. We got to get in shape, she said. Come on, stir! Get that sack and kinda sweep along the groun. She picked up the equipment, put the pans in their box and the box in the tent. Get them beds neat, she ordered. I tell ya I aint never felt nothin so nice as that water. Rose of Sharon listlessly followed orders. Ya think Conniell be back today? Maybe maybe not. Cant tell. You sure he knows where-at to come? Sure. Ma ya don think they could a killed him when tVtej? burned? Not him, Ma said confidently. He can travel when he wants jackrabbit-quick an fox-sneaky. I wisht hed come. Hell come when he comes. Ma   I wisht youd get to work. 426 The Grapes of Wrath Now what you talkin about? You aint done no play actin. Well, some folks here done it, an one girl, she dropped her baby dead an bloody, like it was a judgment. Ma stared at her. Who toF you?  Lady that come by. An that little fella in white clothes, jie come by an he says that aint what done it. Ma frowned. Rosasharn, she said, you stop pickin at yourself. Youre jest a-teasin yourself up to cry. I don know whats come at you. Our folks aint never did that. They took what come to em dry-eyed. I bet its that Connie give you all them notions. He was jes too big for his over- halls. And she said sternly, Rosasharn, youre jest one per- son, an theys a lot of othei folks. You git to your proper place. I knowed people built theirself up with sin till they figgered they was big mean shucks in the sight a the Lord. But, Ma-- No. Jes shut up an git to work. You aint big enough or mean enough to worry God much. An Fm gonna give you the. back a my han if you don stop this pickin at your- self. She swept the ashes into the fire hole and brushed the stones on its edge. She saw the committee coming along the road. Git workin, she said. Heres the ladies cornin. Git a-workin now, sos I can be proud. She didnt look again, but she was conscious of the approach of the committee. There could be no doubt that it was the committee; three ladies, washed, dressed in their. best clothes a lean woman with stringy hair and steel-rimmed glasses, a small stout lady with curly gray hair and a small sweet mouth, and a mam- moth lady, big of hock and buttock, big of breast, muscled like a dray-horse, powerful and sure. And the committee walked down the road with dignity. The Grapes of Wrath 427 I Ma managed to have her back turned when they arrived, j They stopped, wheeled, stood in a line. And the great 1 W oman boomed, Mornin, Mis joad, aint it? I Ma whirled around as though she had been caught off I guard. Why, yes yes. Howd you know my name? J Were the committee, the big woman said. Ladies I Committee of Sanitary Unit Number Four. We got your  name in the office. ! Ma flustered, We aint in very good shape yet. Id be J proud to have you ladies come an set while I make up some I coffee. i The pump committee woman said, Give our names, j Jessie. Mention our names to Mis Joad. Jessies the Chair, ; she explained. Jessie said formally, Mis Joad, this heres Annie Little- field an Ella Summers, an Im Jessie Bullitt. Im proud to make your acquaintance, Ma said. Wont you set down? They aint nothin to set on yet, she added, i But Ill make up some coffee. Oh, no, said Annie formally. Dont put yaself out. We i jes come to call an see how you was, an try to make you  feel at home. j Jessie Bullitt said sternly, Annie, Ill thank you to remem-  ber Im Chair. L  y ;  V j Oh! Sure, sure. But next week I am.  Well, you waitll next week then. We change ever'  week, she explained to Ma. j Sure you wouldn like a little coffee? Ma asked help-  lessly. 1 No, thank you. Jessie took charge. We gonna show  you bout the sanitary unit fust, an then if you wanta, well 428 The Grapes of Wrath sign you up in the Ladies Club an give you duty. Course you don have to join. Does does it cost much? Dont cost nothing but work. An when youre knowed, maybe you can be lected to this committee, Annie inter- rupted. Jessie, here, is on the committee for the whole camp. Shes a big committee lady. Jessie smiled with pride.  Lected unanimous, she said. Well, Mis Joad, I guess its time we tol you bout how the camp runs. Ma said, This heres my girl, Rosasharn. How do, they said. Better come long too. The huge Jessie spoke, and her manner was full of dignity and kindness, and her speech was rehearsed. You shouldn think were a-buttin into your business, Mis Joad. This here camp got a lot of stuff everbody uses. An we got rules we made ourself. Now were a-goin to the unit. That there, everbody uses, an everbody got to take care of it. They strolled to the unroofed section where the wash trays were, twenty of them. Eight were in use, the women bending over, scrubbing the clothes, and the piles of wrung-out clothes were heaped on the clean concrete floor. Now you can use these here any time you want, Jessie said. The ony thing is, you got to leave em clean. The women who were washing looked up with interest. Jessie said loudly, This heres Mis Joad an Rosasharn, come to live. They greeted Ma in a chorus, and Ma made a dumpy little bow at them and said, Proud to meet ya. Jessie led the committee into the toilet and shower room. I been here awready, Ma said. I even took a bath.  The Grapes of Wrath 429 Thats what theyre for, Jessie said. An theys the same rule. You got to leave em clean. Ever week theys a new committee to swab out oncet a day. Maybe youll git on that committee. You got to bring your own soap. We got to get some soap, Ma said. Were all out. Jessies voice became almost reverential. You ever used this here kind? she asked, and pointed to the toilets. Yes, maam. Right this mornin. Jessie sighed. Thats good. Ella Summers said, Jes las week  Jessie interrupted sternly, Mis Summers Ill tell. Ella gave ground. Oh, awright. Jessie said, Las week, when you was Chair, you done it j all. Ill thank you to keep out this week. Well, tell what that lady done, Ella said. Well, said Jessie, it aint this committees business to go a-blabbin, but I wont pass no names. Lady come In las  week, an she got in here fore the committee got to her, an she had her oY mans pants in the toilet, .an she says, Its too low, an it aint big enough. Bust your back over her, she says. Why couldn they stick her higher?  The committee smiled superior smiles. Ella broke in, Says, Cant put nough in at oncet.  And Ella weathered Jessies stern glance. Jessie said, We got our troubles with toilet paper. Rule ! says you cant take none away from here. She clicked her tongue sharply. Whole camp chips in for toilet paper. For a moment she was silent, and then she confessed. Number Four is usin more than any other. Somebodys a-stealin it. Come up in general ladies meetin. Ladies side, Unit Number Four is usin too much. Come right up in meetin! 430 The Grapes of Wrath Ma was following the conversation breathlessly. Stealin it what for? 5  Well, said Jessie, we had trouble before. Las time they was three little girls cuttin paper dolls out of it. Well, we caught them. But this time we dont know. Hardly put a roll out fore its gone. Come right up in meetin. One lady says we oughta have a little bell that rings ever time the roll turns oncet. Then we could coimt how many everbody takes. She shook her head. I jes don know, she said. I been worried all week. Somebodys a-stealin toilet paper from Unit Four. From the doorway came a whining voice, Mis Bullitt. The committee turned. Mis Bullitt, I beam what you says. A flushed, perspiring woman stood in the doorway. I couldnt git up in meetin, Mis Bullitt. I jes couldn. Theyd a-laughed or somepin. What you talkin about? Jessie advanced. Well, we-all maybe its us. But we aint a-stealin. Mis Bullitt. Jessie advanced on her, and the perspiration beaded out on the flustery confessor. We cant hep it, Mis Bullitt. Now you tell what youre tellin, Jessie said. This here units suffered a shame bout that toilet paper. All week, Mis Bullitt. We couldnt hep it. You know I got five girls. What they been a-doin with it? Jessie demanded ominously. Jes usin it. Hones, jes usin it. They aint got the right! Four-five sheets is enough. Whats the matterth em? The confessor bleated, Skitters. All five of em. We been low on money. They et green grapes. They all five got the The Grapes of Wrath 431 howlin skitters. Run out ever ten minutes. She defended them, But they aint stealin it. Jessie sighed. You should a toF, she said. You got to tell. Heres Unit Four sufferin shame cause you never toF. Any- body can git the skitters. The meek voice whined, I jes cant keep em from eatin them green grapes. An theyre a-gettin worse all a time. Ella Summers burst out, The Aid. She oughta git the Aid. Ella Summers, Jessie said, Im a-tellin you for the las' time, you aint the Chair. She turned back to the raddled little woman. Aint you got no money, Mis Joyce? She looked ashamedly down. No, but we might git work any time. Now you hoF up your head, Jessie said. That aint no crime. You jes waltz right over t the Weedpatch store an" git you some grocteries. The camp got twenty dollars credit there. You git yourself fi dollars worth. An you kin pay it back to the Central Committee when you git work. Mis Joyce, you knowed that, she said sternly. How come you let your girls git hungry? We aint never took no charity, Mrs. Joyce said. This aint charity, an you know it, Jessie raged. We had all that out. They aint no charity in this here camp. We wont have no charity. Now you waltz right over an git you  some grocteries, an you bring the slip to me. Mrs. Joyce said timidly, Spose we cant never pay? We aint had work for a long time. Youll pay if you can. If you cant, that aint none of our business, an it aint your business. One fella went away, an two months later he sent back the money. You aint got th right to let your girls git hungry in this here camp. li The Grapes of Wrath Mrs. Joyce was cowed. Yes, maam, she said. Git you some cheese for them girls, Jessie ordered Thatll take care a them skitters. Yes, maam. And Mrs. Joyce scuttled out of the door. Jessie turned in anger on the committee. She got no right to be stiff-necked. She got no right, not with our own people. Annie Littlefield said, She aint been here long. Maybe she dont know. Maybe shes took charity one time-another. Nor, Annie said, dont you try to shut me up, Jessie. I got a right to pass speech. She turned half to Ma. If a bodys ever took charity, it makes a burn that dont come out. This aint charity, but if you ever took it, you dont forget it. I bet Jessie aint ever done it. No, I aint, said Jessie. Well, I did, Annie said. Las winter; an we was a- starvin me an Pa an the little fellas. An it was a-rainin. Fella toF us to go to the Salvation Army. Her eyes grew fierce. We was hungry they made us crawl for our dinner. They took our dignity. They I hate em! An maybe Mis' Joyce took charity. Maybe she didn know this aint charity. Mis Joad, we dont allow nobody in this camp to build their- self up that-a-way. We dont allow nobody to give nothing to another person. They can give it to the camp, an the camp can pass it out. We wont have no charity! Her voice was fierce and hoarse. I hate em, she said. I aint never seen my man beat before, but them them Salvation Army done ittoim. Jessie nodded. I heard, she said softly, I heard. We got to take Mis Joad aroun. Ma said, It sure is nice. Les go to the sewin room, Annie suggested. Got two The Grapes of Wrath 43? machines. Theys a-quiltin, an theyre makin dresses. Yot might like ta work over there. When the committee called on Ma, Ruthie and Winfield faded imperceptibly back out of reach. Whynt we go along an listen? Winfield asked. Ruthie gripped his arm. No, she said. We got washed for them sons-a-bitches. I aint goin with em. Winfield said, You tol on me bout the toilet. Im a-gonna tell what you called them ladies A shadow of fear crossed Ruthies face. Don do it. I to! cause I knowed you didn really break it. You did not said Winfield. Ruthie said, Les look aroun They strolled down the line of tents, peering into each one, gawking self-consciously At the end of the unit there was a level place on which a croquet court had been set up. Half a dozen children played seriously. In front of a tent an elderly lady sat on a bench and watched. Ruthie and Winfield broke into a trot. Leave u play, Ruthie cried. Leave us get in. The children looked up. A pig-tailed little girl said, NeX game you kin. I wanta play now, Ruthie cried. Well, you cant. Not till nex game. Ruthie moved menacingly out on the court. Im a-gonns play. The pig-tails gripped her mallet tightly. Ruthie sprang at her, slapped her, pushed her, and wrested the mallet from her hands. I says I was gonna play, she said triumphantly. The elderly lady stood up and walked onto the court, Ruthie scowled fiercely and her hands tightened on the mal- let. The lady said, Let her play like you done with Ralph las week. 434 The Grapes of Wrath The children laid their mallets on the ground and trooped silently off the court. They stood at a distance and looked on with expressionless eyes. Ruthie watched them go. Then she hit a ball and ran after it. Come on, Winder. Get a stick, she called. And then she looked in amazement. Winfield had joined the watching children, and he too looked at her with expressionless eyes. Defiantly she hit the bail again. She lucked up a great dust. She pretended to have a good time. And the children stood and watched. Ruthie lined up two balls and hit both of them, and she turned her back on the watching eyes, and then turned back. Suddenly she advanced on them, mallet in hand. You come an play, she demanded. They moved silently back at her approach. For a moment she stared at them, and then she flung down the mallet and ran crying for home. The children walked back on the court. Pigtails said to Winfield, You can git in the nex game. The watching lady warned them, When she comes back an wants to be decent, you let her. You was mean yourself. Amy. The game went on, while in the Joad tent Ruthie Wept miserably. The truck moved along the beautiful roads, past orchards where the peaches were beginning to color, past vineyards with the clusters pale and green, under lines of walnut trees whose branches spread half across the road. At each entrance-gate A1 slowed; and at each gate there w r as a sign No help wanted. No trespassing. A1 said, Pa, theys boun to be work when them fruits gets ready. Funny place they tell ya they aint no work fore you ask em. He drove slowly on. The Grapes of Wrath 435 Pa said, Maybe we could go in anyways an 5 ask if they know where theys any work. Might do that A man in blue overalls and a blue shirt walked along the edge of the road. A1 pulled up beside him. Hey, mister, A1 said. Know where theys any work? The man stopped and grinned, and his mouth was vacant of front teeth. No, he said. Do you? I been walkin all week, an I cant tree none. Live in that govment camp? A1 asked. Yeah! Come on, then. Git up back, an well all look. The man climbed over the side-boards and dropped in the bed. Pa said, I aint got no hunch well find work. Guess we got to look, though. We dont even know where-at to look. Shoulda talked to the fellas in the camp, A1 said. How you feelin, Uncle John? I ache, said Uncle John. I ache all over, an I got it cornin. I oughta go away where I wont bring down punish- ment on my own folks. Pa put his hand on Johns knee. Look here, he said, don you go away. Were droppin folks all the time Grampa an Granma dead, Noah an Connie run out, an the preacher in jail. I got a hunch well see that preacher agin, John said. A1 fingered the ball on the gear-shift lever. You don feel good enough to have no hunches, he said. The hell with it. Les go back an talk, an find out where theys some work. Were jus huntin skunks under water. He stopped the truck and leaned out the window and called back, Hey! Lookie! Were a-goin back to the camp an try an see where theys work. They aint no use burnin gas like this. 3 6 The Grapes of Wrath The man leaned over the truck side. Suits me, he said. My dogs is wore clean up to the ankle. An I aint even got a nibble. A1 turned around in the middle of the road and headed back. Pa said, Mas gonna be purty hurt, specially when Tom got work so easy. Maybe he never got none, A1 said. Maybe he jus went lookin, too. I wisht I could get work in a garage. Pd leara that stuff quick, an Id like it. Pa grunted, and they drove back toward the camp in silence. When the committee left, Ma sat down on a box in front of the Joad tent, and she looked helplessly at Rose of Sharon. Well she said, well I aint been so perked up in years. Wasnt them ladies nice? I get to work in the nursery, Rose of Sharon said. They tol me. I can find out all how to do for babies, an then PU know. Ma nodded in wonder. Wouldn it be nice if the menfolks all got work? she asked. Them a-workin, an a little money cornin in? Her eyes wandered into space. Them a-workin, an us a-workin here, an all them nice people. Fust thing we get a little ahead Pd get me a little stove nice one. They don cost much. An then wed get a tent, big enough, an maybe secon-han springs for the beds. An wed use this here tent jus to eat under. An Satdy night well go to the dancin. They says you can invite folks if you want. I wisht we had some friens to invite. Maybe the menll know somebody to invite. The Grapes of Wrath 437 Rose of Sharon peered down the road. That lady that says Ill lose the baby she began. Now you stop that, Ma warned her. Rose of Sharon said softly, I seen her. Shes a-comin here, I think. Yeah! Here she comes. Ma, dont let her   Ma turned and looked at the approaching figure. Howdy, the woman said. Im Mis Sandry-Lisbeth Sandry. I seen your girl this mornin. Howdy do, said Ma. Are you happy in the Lord? Pretty happy, said Ma. Are you saved? I been saved. Mas face was closed and waiting. Well, Im glad, Lisbeth said. The sinners is awful strong aroun here. You come to a awful place. Theys wicketness all around about. Wicket people, wicket goins-on that a lamb-blood Christian jes cant hardly stan. Theys sinners all around us. Ma colored a little, and shut her mouth tightly. Seems to me theys nice people here, she said shortly. Mrs. Sandrys eyes stared. Nice! she cried. You think theyre nice when theys dancin an huggin? I tell ya, ya eternal soul aint got a chancet in this here camp. Went out to a meetim in Weedpatch las night. Know what the preacher says? He says, Theys wicketness in that camp. He says, The poor is tryin to be rich. He says, Theys dancin an huggin when they should be wailin an moanin in sin. v Thats what he says. Everbody that aint here is a black sin- ner, he says. I tell you it made a person feel purty good to hear im. An we knowed we was safe. We aint danced. Mas face was red. She stood up slowly and faced Mrs. 43B The Grapes of Wrath Sandry. Git! she said. Git out now, fore I git to be a sinner a-tellim you where to go. Git to your wailin an 7 moanin. Mrs. Sandry s mouth dropped open. She stepped back. And then she became fierce. I thought you was Christians. Sp we are, Ma said, No, you aint. Youre hell-burnin sinners, all of you! An Ill mention it in meetin, too. I can see your black soul a- burnin. 1 can see that innocent child in that theie girls belly a-burnin. A low wailing cry escaped from Rose of Sharons lips. Ma stooped down and picked up a stick of wood. Git! she said coldly. Don you never come back. I seen your kind before. Youd take the little pleasure, wouldn you? Ma advanced on Mrs. Sandry. For a moment the woman backed away and then suddenly she threw back her head and howled. Her eyes rolled up, her shoulders and arms flopped loosely at her side, and a string of thick ropy saliva ran from the corner of her mouth. She howled again and again, long deep animal howls. Men and women ran up from the other tents, and they stood near- frightened and quiet. Slowly the woman sank to her knees and the howls sank to a shuddering, bubbling moan. She fell sideways and her arms and legs twitched. The white eye- balls showed under the open eyelids. A man said softly, The sperit. She got the sperit. Ma stood looking down at the twitching form. The little manager strolled up casually. Trouble? he asked. The crowd parted to let him through. He looked down at the woman. Too bad, he said. Will some of you help get her back to her tent? The silent people shuffled their fed. Two men bent over and lifted the woman, one The Grapes of Wrath 439 held her under the arms and the other took her feet. They carried her away, and the people moved slowly after them Rose of Sharon went under the tarpaulin and lay down and covered her face with a blanket. The manager looked at Ma, looked down at the stick in her hand. He smiled tiredly. Did you clout her? he asked. Ma continued to stare after the retreating people. She shook her head slowly. No-but I would a. Twicet today she worked my girl up. The manager said, Try not to hit her. She isnt well. She just isnt well. And he added softly, 1 wish shed go away, and all her family. She brings more trouble on the camp than all the rest together. 1 Ma got herself in hand again. If she comes back, I might hit her. I ain t sure. I wont let her worry my girl no more. Dont worry about it, Mrs. Joad, he said. You wont ever see her again. She works over the newcomers. She wont ever come back. She thinks youre a sinner. Well, I am, said Ma. Sure. Everybody is, but not the way she means. She isnt well, Mrs. Joad. Ma looked at him gratefully, and she called, You hear that, Rosasharn? She aint well. Shes crazy. But the girl did not raise her head. Ma said, Im warnin you, mister. If she comes back, I aint to be trusted. Ill hit her. He smiled wryly. I know how you feel, he said. But just try not to. Thats all I ask-just try not to. He walked slowly away toward the tent where Mrs. Sandry had been carried. Ma went into the tent and sat down beside Rose of Sharon, Look up, she said. The girl lay still. Ma gently lifted the blanket from her daughters face. That womans kinda 440 ihe Grapes of Wrath crazy, she said. Dont you believe none of them things. Rose of Sharon whispered in terror, When she said about burnin, I felt burnin. That aint true, said Ma. Im tard out, the girl whispered. Im tard a things hap- penin. I wanta sleep. I wanta sleep. Well, you sleep, then. This heres a nice place. You can sleep. But she might come back. She wont, said Ma. Im a-gonna set right outside, an I wmnt let her come back. Res up now, cause you got to get to work in the nusery purty soon. Ma struggled to her feet and went to sit in the entrance to the tent. She sat on a box and put her elbows on her knees and her chin in her cupped hands. She saw the movement in the camp, heard the voices of the children, the hammering of an iron rim; but her eyes were staring ahead of her. Pa, coming back along the road, found her there, and he squatted near her. She looked slowly over at him. Git work? she asked. No, he said, ashamed. We looked. Wheres A1 and John and the truck? Als fixin somepin. Had ta borry some tools. Fella says A1 got to fix her there. Ma said sadly, This heres a nice place. We could be here awhile. ve could get work. Yeah! If you could get work. He felt her sadness, and studied her face. What you  about? If its sech a nice place why have you got The Grapes of Wrath 441 aint it. All the time we was a-movin an shovin, I never thought none. An now these here folks been nice to me, been awful nice; an whats the first thing 1 do? I go right back over the sad things that night Grampa died an we buried him. I was all full up of the road, and bumpin and movin, an it wasnt so bad. But now I come out here, an it  worse now. An Granma an Noah walkin away like that! Walkin away jus down the river. Them things was part o'f all, an now they come a-flockin back. Granma a pauper, an buried a pauper. Thats sharp now. Thats awful sharp. An Noah walkin away down the river. He don know whats there He jus don know. An we don know. We aint never gonna know if hes alive or dead. Never gonna know. An Connie sneakin away. I didn give em brain room before, but now theyre a-flockin back. An I oughta be glad cause were in a nice place. Pa watched her mouth while she talked. Her eyes were closed. I can remember how them mountains was, sharp as oF teeth beside the river where Noah walked. I can remember how the stubble was on the groun where Grampa lies. I can remember the choppin block back home with a feather caught on it, all criss-crossed with cuts, an black with chicken blood. Pas voice took on her tone. I seen the ducks today, he said. Wedgin south high up. Seems like theyre awful dinky. An I seen the blackbirds a-settin on the wires, an the doves was on the fences. Ma opened her eyes and looked at him. He went on, I seen a little whirlwin, like a man a-spinnin acrost a fieF. An the ducks drivin on down, wedgin on down to the southward. Ma smiled. Remember? she said. Remember what wed always say at home? Winters a-comin early, we said, when the ducks flew. Always said that, an winter come when it 442 The Grapes of Wrath was ready to come. But we always said, 'Shes a-comin early. I wonder what we meant. I seen the blackbirds on the wires, said Pa. Settin so close together. An the doves. Nothin sets so still as a dove- on the fence wires maybe two, side by side. An this little whirlwin big as a man, an dancin off acrost a fiel Always did like the little fellas, big as a man. Wisht I wouldnt think how it is home, said Ma. It aint cur home no more. Wisht Id forget it. An Noah. He wasnt ever right I mean well, it was my fault. I tol you never to say that. Wouldn a lived at all, maybe. But I should a knowed more. Now stop, said Ma. Noah was strange. Maybe hell have a nice time by the river. Maybe its better so. We cant do no worryin. This here is a nice place, an maybe youll get work right off. Pa pointed at the sky. Look more ducks. Big bunch. An Ma, 'Winters a-comin earlv.  She chuckled. Theys things you do, an you don know why. Heres John, said Pa. Come on an set, John. Uncle John joined them. He squatted down in front of .Ma. We didnt get nowheres, he said. Jus run aroun. Say, AI wants to see ya. Says he got to git a tire. Only one layer -a cloth lef, he says. Pa stood up. I hope he can git her cheap. We aint got much lef. Where is Al? Down there, to the nex cross-street an turn right, Says' gonna blow out an spoil a tube if we don get a new one. Pa strolled away, and his eyes followed the giant V of duck down the sky. Uncle John picked a stone from the ground and dropped The Grapes of Wrath 443 it from Ills palm and picked it up again. He did not look at Ma. They aint no work, he said. You didn look all over, Ma said. Mo, but theys signs out. Well, Tom musta got work. He aint been back. Uncle John suggested, Maybe he went away like Con- nie, or like Noah. Ma glanced sharply at him, and then her eyes softened. Theys things you know, she said. Theys stuff youre sure of. Toms got work, an hell come in this evenin. Thats true. She smiled in satisfaction. Aint he a fine boy! she said. Aint he a good boy! The cars and trucks began to come into the camp, and the men trooped by toward the sanitary unit. And each man carried clean overalls and shirt in his band. Ma pulled herself together. John, you go find Pa. Get to the store. I want beans an sugar an a piece of fry in meat an carrots an tell Pa to get somepin nice anything but nice-ffor tonight. Tonight well have somepin nice. Chapter Twenty-Three T HE migrant people, scuttling for work, scrabbling to live, looked always for pleasure, dug for pleasure, manufactured pleasure, and they were hungry for amusement. Sometimes amusement lay in speech, and they climbed up their lives with jokes. And it came about in the camps along the roads, on the ditch banks beside the streams, under the sycamores, that the story teller grew into being, so that the people gathered in the low firelight to hear the gifted ones. And they listened while the tales were told, and their participation made the stories great. 1 was a recruit against Geronimo  And the people listened, and their quiet eyes reflected the dying fire. Them Injuns was cute slick as snakes, an quiet when they wanted. Could go through dry leaves, an make no rustle Try to do that sometimes. And the people listened and remembered the crash of dry leaves under their feet. Come the change of season an the clouds up. Wrong time. Ever hear of the army doing anything right? Give the army ten chances, an theyll stumble along. Took three regiments to kill a hundred braves always. And the people listened, and their faces were quiet with listening. The story tellers, gathering attention into their The Grapes of Wrath 44 tales, spoke in great rhythms, spoke in great words because . the tales were great, and the listeners became great through them. They was a brave on a ridge, against the sun. Knowed he stood out. Spread his arms an stood. Naked as morning, an against the sun. Maybe he was crazy. I don 5 know. Stood there, arms spread out; like a cross he looked. Four hundred yards. An the men well, they raised their sights an they felt the wind with their fingers; an then they jus lay there an could n shoot. Maybe that Injun knowed somepin. Knowed we couldn shoot. Jes laid there with the rifles cocked, an didn even put em to our shoulders. Lookin at him. Head-band, one feather. Could see it, an naked as the sun. Long time we laid there an looked, an he never moved. An then the captain got mad. Shoot, you crazy bastards, shoot! he yells. An we jus laid there. Ill give you to a five-count, an then mark you down, the captain says. Well, sir we put up our rifles slow, an ever man hoped some- bodyd shoot first. I aint never been so sad in my life. An I laid my sights on his belly, cause you cant stop a Injun no other place an then. Well, he jest plunked down an rolled An we went up. An he wasn big hed looked so grand up there. All tore to pieces an little. Ever see a cock pheasant, stiff and beautiful, ever feather drawed an painted, an even his eyes drawed in pretty? An bang! You pick him up- bloody an twisted, an you spoiled somepin bettern you; an eatin him dont never make it up to you, cause yon spoiled somepin in yaself, an you cant never fix it up. And the people nodded, and perhaps the fire spurted a little light and showed their eyes looking in on themselves. Against the sun, with his arms out. An he looked big as God. 44 The Grapes of Wrath And perhaps a man balanced twenty cents between food and pleasure, and he went to a movie in Marysville or Tulare, in Ceres or Mountain View. And he came back to the ditch camp with his memory crowded. And he told how it was They was this rich fella, an 5 he makes like hes poor, an theys this rich girl, an she purtends like shes poor too, an they meet in a hamburg stanh Why? I dont know why thats how it was. Whyd they purtend like theys poor? Well, theyre tired of bein rich. Horseshit! You want to hear this, or not? Well, go on then. Sure, I wanta hear it, but if I was rich, sf I was rich Id git so many pork chops Id cord em up aroun me like wood, an Id eat my way out. Go on. Well, they each think the other ones poor. An they git .arrested an they git in jail, an they don git out cause the other oned find out the first one is rich. An the jail keeper, hes mean to em cause he thinks theyre poor. Oughta see how he looks when he finds out. Jes nearly faints, thats ail What they git in jail for? Well, they git caught at some kind a radical meetin but they aint radicals. They jes happen to be there. An they dont each one wanta marry fur money, ya see. So the sons-of-bitches start lyin to each other right off. Well, in the pitcher it was like they was doin good. Theyre nice to people, you see. I was to a show oncet that was me, an moren me; an my life, an moren my life, so everthing was bigger. Well, I git enough sorrow. I like to git away from it. Sure if you can believe it. A harmonica is easy to carry. Take it out of your hip pocket, knock it against your palm to shake out the dirt and pocket fuzz and bits of tobacco. Now its ready. You can do The Grapes of Wrath 447 So they got married, an then they foun out, an all them people thats treated em mean. They was a fella had been uppity, an he nearly fainted when this fella come in with a plug hat on. Jes nearly fainted. An they was a newsreel with them German soldiers kickin up their feet funny as hell. And always, if he had a little money, a man could get drunk. The hard edges gone, and the warmth. Then there was no loneliness, for a man could people his brain with friends, and he could find his enemies and destroy them. Sit- ting in a ditch, the earth grew soft under him. Failures dulled and the future was no threat. And hunger did not skulk about, but the world was soft and easy, and a man could reach the place he started for. The stars came down wonder- fully close and the sky was soft. Death was a friend, and sleep was deaths brother. The old times came back a girl with pretty feet, who danced one time at home a horse a long time ago. A horse and a saddle. And the leather was carved. When w T as that? Oughta to find a girl to talk to. Thats nice. Might lay with her, too. But warm here. And the stars down so close, and sadness and pleasure so close to- gether, really the same thing. Like to stay drunk all the time. Who says its bad? Who dares to say its bad? Preachers but they got their own kinda drunkenness. Thin, barren women, but theyre too miserable to know. Reformers but they dont bite deep enough into living to know. No the stars are close and dear and I have joined the brotherhood of the worlds. And everythings holy everything, even me. 44 8 The Grapes of Wrath anything with a harmonica thin reedy single tone, or chords, or melody with rhythm chords. You can mold the music with curved hands, making it wail and cry like bagpipes, making it full and round like an organ, making it as sharp and bitter as the reed pipes of the hills. And you can play and put it back in your pocket. It is always with you, always in youi pocket. And as you play, you learn new tricks, new ways to mold the tone with your hands, to pinch the tone with your lips, and no one teaches you. You feel around sometimes alone in the shade at noon, sometimes in the tent door after supper when the women are washing up. Your foot taps gently on the ground. Your eyebrows rise and fall in rhythm. And if you lose it or break it, why, its no great loss. You can buy another for a quarter. A guitar is more precious. Must learn this thing. Fingers of the left hand must have callus caps. Thumb of the right hand a horn of callus. Stretch the left-hand fingers, stretch them like a spiders legs to get the hard pads on the frets. This was my fathers box. Wasnt no biggern a bug first - time he give me C chord. An when I learned as good as him, he hardly never played no more. Used to set in the door, an listen an tap bis foot. Im try in for a break, an hed scowl mean till I get her, an then hed settle back easy, an hed nod. Play, hed say. Play nice. Its a good box. See how the head is wore. Theys many a million songs wore down that wood an scooped her out. Some day shell cave in like a egg. But you cant patch her nor worry her no way or shell lose tone. Play her in the evening, an theys a harmonica player in the nex tent. Makes it pretty nice together. The fiddle is rare, hard to learn. No frets, no teacher. Jes listen to a of man an try to pick it up. Wont tell how The Grapes of Wrath 449 to double. Says its a secret. But I watched. Here's how he done it. Shrill as a wind, the fiddle, quick and nervous and shrill She aint much of a fiddle. Give two dollars for her. Fella says theys fiddles four hundred years old, and they git mel- low like whisky. Says theyll cost fifty-sixty thousan dollars. I dont know. Souns like a lie. Harsh ol bastard, aint she? Wanta dance? Ill rub up the bow with plenty rosin. Man? Then shell squawk. Hear her a mile. These three in the evening, harmonica and fiddle and guitar. Playing a reel and tapping out the tune, and the big deep strings of the guitar beating like a heart, and the har- monicas sharp chords and the skirl and squeal of the fiddle. People have to move close. They cant help it. Chicken Reel now, and the feet tap and a young lean buck take three quick steps, and his arms hang limp. The square closes up and the dancing starts, feet on the bare ground, beating dull, strike with your heels. Hands round and swing. Haii falls down, and panting breaths. Lean to the side now. Look at that Texas boy, long legs loose, taps four times foi ever damn step. Never seen a boy swing aroun like that, Look at him swing that Cherokee girl, red in her cheeks an v her toe points out. Look at her pant, look at her heave. Think shes tired? Think shes winded? Well, she aint. Texas boy got his hair in his eyes, mouths wide open, cant get air, but he pats four times for ever darn step, an hell keep a-goin with the Cherokee girl. The fiddle squeaks and the guitar bongs. Mouth-organ man is red in the face. Texas boy and the Cherokee girl, pantin like dogs an a-b earin the groun. OF folks srarf a-pattin their hans. Smilin a little, tappin their feet. 4jo The Grapes of Wrath Back home in the schooihouse, it was. The big moon sailed off to the westward. An we walked, him an me-a little ways. Didn talk cause our throats was choked up. Didn talk none at all. An purty soon they was a haycock. Went right to it and laid down there. Seem the Texas boy an that girl a-steppin away into the dark-think nobody seen em go. Oh, God! 1 wisht 1 was agoin with that Texas boy. Moonll be up fore long. I seen that girls of man move out to stop em, an then he didn. He knowed. Might well stop the fall from cornin, and might as well stop the sap from movin in the trees. An the moonll be up fore Pky more play the story songs As I Walked through the Streets of Laredo. The fires gone down. Be a shame to build her up. Little of moonll be up fore long. Beside an irrigation ditch a preacher labored and the peo- ple cried. And the preacher paced like a tiger, whipping the people with his voice, and they groveled and whined on the He calculated them, gauged them, played on them, and when they were all squirming on the ground he stooped and of his great strength he picked each one up in his aims and shouted, Take em, Christ! and threw each one in water. And when they were all in, waist deep in the water, and looking with frightened eyes at the master, he knelt down on the bank and he prayed for them; and he prayed that all men and women might grovel and whine on die ground. Men and women, dripping, clothes sticking tight, watched; then gurgling and sloshing in their shoes they The Grapes of Wrath 5 1 We been saved, they said. Were washed white as snow. We wont never sin again. And the children, frightened and wet, whispered together We been saved. We wont sin no more. Wisht I knowed what all the sins was, so I could do em. The migrant people looked humbly for pleasure on the roads. Chapter Twenty-Four if p  , , ' ;  . 'j-H g x  O N SATURDAY morning the .wash tubs were crowded. The women washed dresses, pink ging- hams and flowered cottons, and they hung them in the sun and stretched the cloth to smooth it. When afternoon came the whole camp quickened and the people grew ex- cited. The children caught the fever and were more noisy than usual. About mid-afternoon child bathing began, and as each child was caught, subdued, and washed, the noise on the playground gradually subsided. Before five, the children were scrubbed and warned about getting dirty again; and they walked about, stiff in clean clothes, miserable with care- fulness. At the big open-air dance platform a committee was busy. Every bit of electric wire had been requisitioned. The city dump had been visited for wire, every tool box had contrib- uted friction tape. And now the patched, spliced wire was strung out to the dance floor, with bottle necks as insulators. This night the floor would be lighted for the first time. By six oclock the men were back from work or from looking for work, and a new wave of bathing started. By seven, din- ners were over, men had on their best clothes freshly washed overalls, clean blue shirts, sometimes the decent blacks. The girls were ready in their print dresses, stretched and clean, their hair braided and ribboned. The worried The Grapes of Wrath 453 women watched the families and cleaned up the evening dishes. On the platform the string band practiced, sur- rounded by a double wall of children. The people were in tent and excited. In the tent of Ezra Huston, chairman, the Central Com- mittee of five men went into meeting. Huston, a tall spare man, wind-blackened, with eyes like little blades, spoke to his committee, one man from each sanitary unit. Its goddamn lucky we got the word they was gonna try to bust up the dance! he said. The tubby little representative from Unit Three spoke up I think we oughta squash the hell out of em, an show em No, said Huston. Thats what they want. No, sir. If they can git a fight goin, then they can run in the cops ah say we aint orderly. They tried it before other places. H turned to the sad dark boy from Unit Two. Got the fellas together to go roun the fences an see nobody sneaks in? f The sad boy nodded. Yeah! Twelve. ToF em not to hit nobody Jes push em out agin. Huston said, Will you go out an find Willie Eaton? He chairman a the entertainment, aint he? Yeah. Well, tell im we wanta see im. The boy went out, and he returned in a moment with a stringy Texas man. Willie Eaton had a long fragile jaw and dust-colored hair. His arms and legs were long and loose, and he had the gray sunburned eyes of the Panhandle. He stood in the tent, grinning, and his hands pivoted restlessly on hi? wrists. Huston said, You heard about tonight? Willie grinned. Yeah! Did anything bout it? 454 The Grapes of Wrath Yeah! Tell what you done. Willie Eaton grinned happily. Well, sir, ordinary ent- tainment committee is five. I got twenty more all good strong boys. Theyre a-gonna be a-dancin an a-keepin their eyes open an their ears open. First sign any talk or argament, they close in tight. Worked her out purty nice. Cant even see nothing. Kinda move out, an the fella will go out with em. Tell em they aint to hurt the fellas. Willie laughed gleefully. I tol em, he said. Well, tell em so they know. They know. Got five men out to the gate lookin over the folks that comes in. Try to spot . em fore they git started. Huston stood up. His steel-colored eyes were stern. Now look here, Willie. We dont want them fellas hurt. Theys gonna be deputies out by the front gate. If you blood em up, why them deputiesll git you. Got that there figgered out, said Willie. Take em out back way, into the fiel. Some a the boysll see they git on their way. Well, it souns awright, Huston said worriedly. But dont you let nothing happen, Willie. Youre responsible. Don you hurt them fellas. Don you use no stick nor no or am, or nothing like that. No, sir, said Willie. We wont mark em. Huston was suspicious. I wisht I knowed I could trus  to sock em, sock em where they 455 The Grapes of Wrath Yes, sir. Awright. An if she gits outa han, Ill be in the right-han corner, this way on the dance floor. Willie saluted in mockery and went out. Huston said, I dunno. I jes hope Willies boys dont kill nobody. What the hell the deputies want to hurt the camp for? Why cant they let us be? The sad boy from Unit Two said, I lived out at Sunlan Lan an Cattle Companys place. Honest to God, they got a cop for ever ten people. Got one water faucet for bout two hundred people. The tubby man said, Jesus, God, Jeremy. You aint got to tell me. I was there. They got a block of shacks-thirty- five of em in a row, an fifteen deep. An they got ten crap - pers for the whole shebang. An, Christ, you could smell em a mile. One of them deputies give me the lowdown. We w y as settin aroun, an he says, Them goddamn govment camps, he says. Give people hot water, an they gonna want hot water. Give em flush toilets, an they gonna want em. He says, You give them goddamn Okies stuff like that an theyll want em. An he says, They hoi red meetins in them gov- ment camps. All figgerin how to git on relief, he says. Huston asked, Didn nobody sock him? No. They was a little fella, an he says, What you mean, relief? I mean relief what us taxpayers puts in an you god- damn Okies takes out.  We pay sales tax an gas tax an tobacco tax, this little guy says. An he says, Farmers get four cents a cotton poun from the govment aint that relief? An he says, Railroads an shippin companies draw subsidies aint that relief?  Theyre doin stuff got to be done, this deputy says. 456 The Grapes of Wrath  Well, the little guy says, liowd your goddamn crops get picked if it wasnt for us? The tubby man looked around. Whatd the deputy say? Huston asked. Well, the deputy got mad. An he says, You goddamn reds is all the time stirrin up trouble, he says. You better come along with me. So he takes this little guy in, an they give him sixty days in jail for vagrancy. Howd they do that if he had a job? asked Timothy Wallace. The tubby man laughed. You know bettern that, he said. You know a vagrant is anybody a cop dont like. An thats why they hate this here camp. No cops can get in. This heres United States, not California. Huston sighed. Wisht we could stay here. Got to be gain fore long. I like this here. Folks gits along nice; an, God Aw- mighty, why cant they let us do it stead of keepin us miser- able an puttin us in jail? I swear to God they gonna push us into fightin if they dont quit a-worryin us. Then he calmed his voice. We jes got to keep peaceful, he re- minded himself. The committee got no right to fly off n the handle. The tubby man from ' Unit Three said, Anybody that thinks this committee got all cheese an crackers ought to jes try her. They was a fight in my unit today women. Got to callin names, an then got to throwin garbage. Ladies Com- mittee couldn handle it, an they come to me. Want me to bring the fight in this here committee. I toF em they got to handle women trouble theirselves. This here committee aint gonna mess with no garbage fights. Huston nodded. You done good, he said. , And now the dusk was falling, and as the darkness deep- The Grapes of Wrath 457 ened the practicing of the string band seemed to grow louder. The lights flashed on and two men inspected the patched wire to the dance floor. The children crowded thickly about the musicians. A boy with a guitar sang the a Down Home Blues, chording delicately for himself, and on his second chorus three harmonicas and a fiddle joined him. From the tents the people streamed toward the platform, men in their clean blue denim and women in their ginghams. They came near to the platform and then stood quietly waiting, their faces bright and intent under the light. Around the reservation there was a high wire fence, and along the fence, at intervals of fifty feet, the guards sat in the grass and waited. Now the cars of the guests began to arrive, small farmers and their families, migrants from other camps. And as each guest came through the gate he mentioned the name of the camper who had invited him. The string band took a reel tune up and played loudly, for they were not practicing any more. In front of their tents the Jesus-lovers sat and watched, their faces hard and con- temptuous. They did not speak to one another, they watched for sin, and their faces condemned the whole proceeding. At the Joad tent Ruthie and Winfield had bolted what lit- tle dinner they had, and then they started for the platform. Ma called them back, held up their faces with a hand under each chin, and looked into their nostrils, pulled their ears and looked inside, and sent them to the sanitary unit to wash their hands once more. They dodged around the back of the building and bolted for the platform, to stand among the children, close-packed about the band. A1 finished his dinner and spent half an hour shaving with Toms razor. A1 had a tight-fitting w r ool suit and a striped 458 The Grapes of Wrath shirt, and he bathed and washed and combed his straight hair back. And when the washroom was vacant for a moment, he smiled engagingly at himself in the mirror, and he turned and tried to see himself in profile when he smiled. He slipped his purple arm-bands on and put on his tight coat. And he rubbed up his yellow shoes with a piece of toilet paper. A late bather came in, and A1 hurried out and walked recklessly toward the platform, his eye peeled for girls. Near the dance floor he saw a pretty blond girl sitting in front of a tent. He sidled near and threw T open his coat to show his shirt. Gonna dance tonight?' 7 he asked. The girl looked away and did not answer. Cant a fella pass a word with you? How bout you an me dancin? And he said nonchalantly, I can waltz. The girl raised her eyes shyly, and she said, That aint nothin anybody can waltz. Not like me, said Al. The music surged, and lie tapped one foot in time. Come on, he said. A very fat woman poked her head out of the tent and scowled at him. You git along, she said fiercely. This here girls spoke for. Shes a-gonna be married, an her mans a-comin for her. Al winked rakishly at the girl, and he tripped on, striking his feet to the music and swaying his shoulders and swinging his arms. And the girl looked after him intently. Pa put down his plate and stood up. Come on, John, he said; and he explained to Ma, Were a-gonna talk to some fellas about gettin work. And Pa and Uncle John walked toward the managers house. Tom worked a piece of store bread into the stew gravy on his plate and ate the bread. He handed his plate to Ma, and she put it in the bucket of hot water and washed it and The Grapes of Wrath 459 handed it to Rose of Sharon to wipe. Ain't you goin to the dance? Ma asked. Sure, said Tom. Fm on a committee. Were gonna em tertain some fellas. Already on a committee? Ma said. I guess its cause you got work. Rose of Sharon turned to put the dish away. Tom pointed at her. My God, shes a-gettin big, he said. Rose of Sharon blushed and took another dish from Ma, Sure she is, Ma said. An shes gettin prettier, said Tom. The girl blushed more deeply and hung her head. You stop it, she said, softly.  Course she is, said Ma. Girl with a baby always gets prettier. Tom laughed. If she keeps a-swellin like this, she gonna need a wheelbarra to carry it. Now you stop, Rose of Sharon said, and she went inside the tent, out of sight. Ma chuckled, You shouldn ought to worry her. She likes it, said Tom. I know she likes it, but it worries her, too. And shes a-mournin for Connie. Well, she mights well give him up. Hes probly studyin to be President of the United States by now. Dont worry her, Ma said. She aint got no easy row to hoe. Willie Eaton moved near, and he grinned and said, You Tom Joad? Yeah. Well, Im Chairman the Entertainment Committee. We gonna need you. Fella toF me bout you. 460 The Grapes of Wrath Sine, III play with you, said Tom. This heres Ma Howdy, said Willie. Glad to meet ya. Willie said, Gonna put you on the gate to start, an then on the floor. Want ya to look over the guys when they come in, an ? try to spot, em. Youll be with another fella. Then later I want ya to dance an watch. Yeah! I can do that awright, said Tom. Ma said apprehensively, They aint no trouble? No, maam, Willie said. They aint gonna be no trouble. None at all, said Tom. Well, Ill come long. See you at the dance, Ma. The two young men walked quickly away toward the main gate. Ma piled the washed dishes on a box. Come on out, she called, and when there was no answer, Rosasharn, you come out. The girl stepped from the tent, and she went on with the dish-wiping. Tom was ony jollyin ya. I know. I didnt mind; ony I hate to have folks look at me. Aint no way to hep that. Folks gonna look. But it makes folks happy to see a girl in a fambly way makes folks sort of giggly an happy. Aint you a-goin to the dance? I was but I don know. I wisht Connie was here. Her voice rose. Ma, I wisht he was here. I cant hardly stan it. Ma looked closely at her. I know, she said. But, Rosa- sham don shame your folks. I don aim to, Ma. Well, dont you shame us. We got too much on us now, without no shame  The Grapes of Wrath 461 The girls lip quivered. I-I ain goin to the dance. I couldn Mahe p me! She sat down and buried ier head, in her arms. Ma wiped her hands on the dish towel and she squatted, down in front of her daughter, and she put her two hands on Rose of Sharons hair. Youre a good girl, she said. Yon always was a good girl Ill take care a you. Dont you fret She put an interest in her tone. Know what you an 5 mes gonna do? Were a-goin to that dance, an, were a-gonna set there an watch. If anybody says to come dance why, Ill say you aint strong enough. Ill say youre poorly. An yon can hear the music an all like that. Rose of Sharon raised her head. You wont let me dance? No, I wont. An don let nobody touch me. No, I wont. The girl sighed. She said desperately, I don know what Fm a-gonna do, Ma. I jus don know. I don know. Ma patted her knee. Look, she said. Look here at me. Fm a-gonna tell ya. In a little while it aint gonna be so bad. In a little while. An thats true. Now come on. Well go get washed up, an well put on our nice dress an well set by the dance. She led Rose of Sharon toward the sanitary unit. Pa and Uncle John squatted with a group of men by the porch of the office. We nearly got work today, Pa said. We was jus a few minutes late. They awready got tw r o fellas. An, well, sir, it was a funny thing. Theys a straw boss there, an he says, 4 We jus got some two-bit men. Course we could use twenty-cent men. We can use a lot a twenty- cent men. You go to your camp an say well put a lot  fellas on for twenty cents.  462 The Grapes of Wrath The squatting men moved nervously. A broad-shouldered man, his face completely in the shadow of a black hat, spatted his knee with his palm. I know it, goddamn it! he cried. An theyll git men. Theyll git hungry men. You cant feed your famly on twenty cents an hour, but youll take anything. They got you goin an cornin. They jes auction a job off. Jesus Christ, pretty soon theyre gonna make us pay to work. We would of took her, Pa said. We aint had no job. We sure would a took her, but they was them guys in there, an the way they looked, we was scairt to take her. Black Hat said, Get crazy thinkin! I been workin for a fella, an he cant pick his crop. Cost more jes to pick her than he can git for her, an he don know what to do. Seems to me Pa stopped. The circle was silent for him. 'Well I jus thought, if a fella had a acre. Well, my woman She could raise a little truck an a couple pigs an some chickens. An us men could get out an find work, an then go back. Kids could maybe go to school. Never seen seclh schools as out here. Our kids aint happy in them schools, Black Hat said. Why not? Theyre pretty nice, them schools. Well, a raggedy kid with no shoes, an them other kids with socks on, an nice pants, an them a-yellin Okie. My boy went to school. Had a fight ever day. Done good, too. Tough little bastard. Ever day he got to fight. Come home with his clothes tore an his nose bloody. An his mad whale him. Made her stop that. No need everbody bearin the hell outa him, poor little fella. Jesus! He give some a them kids a goin-over, though them nice-pants sons-a-bitches. I dunno. I dunno. Pa demanded, Well, what the hell am I gonna do? Wer The Grapes of Wrath 463 outa money. One of my boys got a short job, but that wont feed us. Fm a-gonna go an take twenty cents. 1 got to. Black Hat raised his head, and his bristled chin showed in the light, and his stringy neck where the whiskers lay flat like fur. Yeah! he said bitterly. Youll do that. An Fm a two-bit man. Youll take my job for twenty cents. An then Fll git hungry an Fll take my job back for fifteen. Yeah! You go right on an do her. Well, what the hell can I do? Pa demanded I cant starve sos you can get two bits. Black Flat dipped his head again, and his chin went into the shadow. I dunno, he said. I jes dunno. Its bad enough to work twelve hours a day an come out jes a little bit hungry, but we got to figure all a time, too. My kid aint gettin enough to eat. I cant think all the time, goddamn it! It drives a man crazy. The circle of men shifted their feet nervously. Tom stood at the gate and watched the people coming in to the dance. A floodlight shone down into their faces. Willie Eaton said, Jes keep your eyes open. Fm sendin Jule Vitela over. Hes half Cherokee. Nice fella. Keep your eyes open. An see if you can pick out the ones. O.K., said Tom. He watched the farm families come in, the girls with braided hair and the boys polished for the dance. Jule came and stood beside him. Fm with you, he said. Tom looked at the hawk nose and the high brown cheek j bqnes and the slender receding chin. They says youre half  Injun. You look all Injun to me. No, said Jule. Jes half. Wisht I was a full-blood. Id  have my lan on the reservation. Them full-bloods got it  pretty nice, some of em. 464 The Grapes of Wrath Look a them people, Tom said. The guests were moving in through the gateway, families from the farms, migrants from the ditch camps. Children straining to be free and quiet parents holding them back. Jule said, These here dances done funny things. Our peo- ple got nothing, but jes because they can ast their friens to come here to the dance, sets em up an makes em proud. An the folks respects em count of these here dances. Fella got a little place where I was a-workin. He come to a dance here. I ast him myself, an he come. Says we got the only decent dance in the county, where a man can take his girls an his wife. Hey! Look. Three young men were coming through the gate young working men in jeans. They walked close together. The guard at the gate questioned them, and they answered and passed through. Look at em careful, Jule said. He moved to the guard. Who ast them three? he asked. Fella named Jackson, Unit Four. Jule came back to Tom. I think thems our fellas. How ya know? I dunno how. Jes got a feelin. Theyre kinda scared. Foller em an tell Willie to look em over, an tell Willie to check with Jackson, Unit Four. Get him to see if theyre all right. Ill stay here. Tom strdled after the three young men. They moved toward the dance floor and took their positions quietly on the edge of the crowd. Tom saw Willie near the band and signaled him. What cha want? Willie asked. Them three see there?   Yeah. The Grapes of Wrath 465 "They say a fella name Jackson, Unit Four, ast em. Willie craned his neck and saw Huston and called him over. Them three fellas, he said. t We better get Jackson, Unit Four, an see if he ast em. Huston turned on his heel and walked away; and in a few 7 moments he was back with a lean and bony Kansan. This heres Jackson, Huston said. Look, Jackson, see them three young fellas? Yeah. Well, did you ast em? No. Ever see em before? Jackson peered at them. Sure. Worked at GregorioY with em. So they knowed your name. Sure. I worked right beside em. Awright, Huston said. Dont you go near em. We aint gonna thow em out if theyre nice. Thanks, Mr. Jack- son. "Good work, he said to Tom. I guess thems the fellas. Jule picked em out, said Tom. Hell, no wonder, said Willie. His Injun blood smelled em. Well, Ill point em out to the boys. A sixteen-year-old boy came running through the crowd. He stopped, panting, in front of Huston. Mista Huston, he said. I been like you said. Theys a car with six men parked down by the euclyptus trees, an theys one with four men up that north-side road. I ast em for a match. They got guns. I seen em. Hustons eyes grew hard and cruel. Willie, he said, you sure you got everthing ready? 4 66 The Grapes of Wrath Willie grinned happily. Sure have, Mr. Huston. Aint gonna be no trouble. Well, dont hurt em. Member now. If you kin, quiet an nice, I kinda like to see em. Be in my tent. Ill see what we kin do, said Willie. Dancing had not formally started, but now Willie climbed onto the platform. Choose up your squares, he called. The music stopped. Boys and girls, young men and women, ran about until eight squares were ready on the big floor, ready and waiting. The girls held their hands in front of them and squirmed their fingers. The boys tapped their feet restlessly. Around the floor the old folks sat, smiling slightly, holding the children back from the floor. And in the distance the Jesus-lovers sat with hard condemning faces and watched the sin. Ma and Rose of Sharon sat on a bench and watched. And as each boy asked Rose of Sharon as partner, Ma said, No, she aint well. And Rose of Sharon blushed and her eyes were bright. The caller stepped to the middle of the floor and held up his hands. All ready? Then let her go! The music snarled out Chicken Reel, shrill and clear, fiddle skirling, harmonicas nasal and sharp, and the guitars booming on the bass strings. The caller named the turns, the squares moved. And they danced forward and back, hands round, swing your lady. The caller, in a frenzy, tapped his feet, strutted back and forth, went through the figures as he called them. Swing your ladies an a dol ce do. Join bans roun an away we go. The music rose and fell, and the moving shoes beating in time on the platform sounded like drums. Swing to the right an a wing to lef ; break, now break The Grapes of Wrath 467 back to back, the caller sang the high vibrant monotone. Now the girls hair lost the careful combing. Now perspira- tion stood out on the foreheads of the boys. Now the ex- perts showed the tricky inter-steps. And the old people on the edge of the floor took up the rhythm, patted their hands softly, and tapped their feet; and they smiled gently and then caught one anothers eyes and nodded. Ma leaned her head close to Rose of Sharons ear. Maybe you wouldn think it, but your Pa was as nice a dancer as I ever seen, when he was young. And Ma smiled. Makes me think of of times, she said. And on the faces of the watchers the smiles were of old times. Up near Muskogee twenty years ago, they was a biin man with a fiddle  I seen a fella oncet could slap his heels four times in one jump. Swedes up in Dakota know what they do sometimes? Put pepper on the floor. Gits up the ladies skirts an makes em purty lively lively as a filly in season. Swedes do that sometimes. In the distance, the Jesus-lovers watched their restive chil- dren. Look on sin, they said. Them folks is ridin to hell on a poker. Its a shame the godly got to see it. And their children were silent and nervous. One more roun an then a little res, the caller chanted. Hit her hard, cause were gonna stop soon. And the girls were damp and flushed, and they danced with open mouths and serious reverent faces, and the boys flung back their long hair and pranced, pointed their toes, and clicked their heels. In and out the squares moved, crossing, backing, whirling, and the music shrilled. Then suddenly it stopped. The dancers stood still, panting 468 The Grapes of Wrath with fatigue. And the children broke from restraint, dashed on the floor, chased one another madly, ran, slid, stole caps, and pulled hair. The dancers sat down, fanning themselves with their hands. The members of the band got up and stretched themselves and sat down again. And the guitar players worked softly over their strings. Now Willie called, Choose again for another square, if you can. The dancers scrambled to their feet and new dancers plunged forward for partners. Tom stood near the three young men. He saw them force their way through, out on the floor, toward one of the forming squares. He waved his hand at Willie, and Willie spoke to the fiddler. The fiddler squawked his bow across the strings. Twenty young men lounged slowly across the floor. The three reached the square. And one of them said, f 11 dance .with this here. A blond boy looked up in astonishment. Shes my part- er. Listen, you little son-of-a-bitch   Off in the darkness a shrill whistle sounded. The thret were walled in now. And each one felt the grip of hands. And then the wall of men moved slowly off the platform. Willie yelped, Les go! The music shrilled out, the caller intoned the figures, the feet thudded on the platform. A touring car drove to the entrance. The driver called, Open up. We hear you got a riot. The guard kept his position. We got no riot. Listen to that music. Who are you? Deputy sheriffs. Got a warrant? We dont need a warrant if theres a riot. Well, we got no riots here, said the gate guara The Grapes of Wrath 469 The men in the car listened to the music and the sound of die caller, and then the car pulled slowly away and parked lii a crossroad and waited. In the moving squad each of the three young men was pinioned, and a hand was over each mouth. When they reached the darkness the group opened up. Tom said, That sure was did nice. He held both arms of his victim from behind. Willie ran over to them from the dance floor. Nice work, he said. Gny need six now. Huston wants to see these here fellers. Huston himself emerged from the darkness. These the ones?  Sure, said Jfule. Went right up an started it. But they didn even swing once. Lets look at em. The prisoners were swung around to face him. Their heads were down. Huston put a flashlight beam in each sullen face. What did you wanta do it for? he asked. There was no answer. Who the hell tol you to do it? Goddam it, we didn do nothing. We was jes gonna dance. No, you wasnt, Jule said. You was gonna sock that kid. Tom said, Mr. Huston, jus when these here fellas moved in, somebody give a whistle. Yeah, I know! The cops come right to the gate. He turned back. We aint gonna hurt you. Now who tol you to come bus up our dance? He waited for a reply. Your our own folks, Huston said sadly. You belong with us, Howd you happen to come?. We know all about it, added. 17  The Grapes of Wrath Well, goddamn it, a fella got to eat. Well, who sent you? Who paid you to come? We ain't been paid. An you ain't gonna be. No fight, no pay. Aint that right? One of the pinioned men said, Do what you want. We aint gonna tell nothing. Hustons head sank down for a moment, and then he said softly, O.K. Dont tell But looka here. Dont knife your own folks. Were tryin.to get along, havin fun an keepin order. Dont tear all that down. Jes think about it. Youre jes harmin yourself. A wright, boys, put em over the back fence. An dont hurt em. They dont know what theyre doin. The squad moved slowly toward the rear of the camp, and Huston looked after them. Juie said, Les jes take one good kick at em. No, you dont! Willie cried. I said we wouldnk Jes one nice little kick, Jule pleaded. Jes loft em over die fence. No, sir, Willie insisted. Listen, you, he said, were lettin you off this time. But you take back the word. If n ever this here happens again, well jes natcherally kick the hell outa whoever comes; well bust ever bone in their body. Now you tell your boys that. Huston says youre our kinda folks maybe. Id hate to think it. They neared the fence. Two of the seated guards stood up and moved over. Got some fellas goin home early, said Willie. The three men climbed over the fence and disap- peared into the darkness. And the squad moved quickly back toward the dance The Grapes of Wrath 471 floor. And the music  OF Ban Tucker skirled and whined from the string band. Over near the office the men still squatted and talked, and the shrill music came to them. Pa said, Theys change a-comin 1 don 9 know what. Maybe we wont live to see her. But shes a-comin. Theys a resless feelin. Fella cant figger nothin out, hes so nerv- ous. And Black Hat lifted his head up again, and the light fell on his bristly whiskers. He gathered some little rocks from the ground and shot them like marbles, with his thumb. I don know. Shes a-comin awright, like you say. Fella toF me what happened in Akron, Ohio. Rubber companies. They got mountain people in cause theyd work cheap. An these here mountain people up an pined the union. Well, sir, hell jes popped. All them storekeepers and legioners an people like that, they get drillin an yellin, 'Red! An theyre gonna run the union right outa Akron. Preachers git a-preachin about it, an papers a-yowlin, an theys pick handles put out by the rubber companies, an theyre a- buyin gas. Jesus, youd think them mountain boys was reglar devils! He stopped and found some more rocks tr shoot. Well, sir it was las March, an one Sunday five thousan of them mountain men had a turkey shoot outside a town. Five thousan of em jes marched through town with their rifles. An they had their turkey shoot, an then they marched back. An thats all they done. Well, sir, they aint been no trouble sence then. These here citizen  committees give back the pick handles, an the storekeepers keep their stores, an nobody been clubbed nor tarred an r feathered, an nobody been killed. There was a long silence and then Black Hat said, Theyre gettin purty mean out 472 The Grapes of Wrath here. Burned that camp an beat up folks. I been thinkin. All our folks got guns. I been thinkin maybe we ought to git up a turkey shootin club an have meetins ever Sunday. The men looked up at him, and then down at the ground, and their feet moved restlessly and they shifted their weight from one leg to the other. f p TT"i HE spring is beautiful in California. Valleys in which I the fruit blossoms are fragrant pink and white waters JL in a shallow sea. Then the first tendrils of the grapes, swelling from the old gnarled vines, cascade down to cover the trunks. The full green hills are round and soft as breasts. And on the level vegetable lands are the mile-long rows of pale green lettuce and the spindly little cauliflowers, the gray-green unearthly artichoke plants. And then the leaves break out on the trees, and the petals drop from the fruit trees and carpet the earth with pink and white. The centers of the blossoms swell and grow and color cherries and apples, peaches and pears, figs which close the flower in the fruit. All California quickens with produce, and the fruit grows heavy, and the limbs bend gradually under the fruit so that little crutches must be placed under them to support the weight. Behind the fruitfulness are men of understanding and knowledge and skill, men who experiment with seed, end- lessly developing the techniques for greater crops of plants whose roots will resist the million enemies of the earth the molds, the insects, the rusts, the blights. These men work carefully and endlessly to perfect the seed, the roots. And there are the men of chemistry who spray the trees against pests, who sulphur the grapes, who cut out disease and rots, 474 The Grapes of Wrath mildews and sicknesses. Doctors of preventive medicine, men. at the borders who look for fruit flies, for Japanese beetle, men who quarantine the sick trees and root them out and bum them, men of knowledge. The men who graft the young trees, the little vines, are the cleverest of all, for theirs is a surgeons job, as tender and delicate; and these men must have surgeons hands and surgeons hearts to slit the bark, to place the grafts, to bind the wounds and cover them from the air. These are great men. Along the rows, the cultivators move, tearing the spring grass and turning it under to make a fertile earth, breaking the ground to hold the water up near the surface, ridging the ground in little pools for the irrigation, destroying the weed roots that may drink the water away from the trees. And all the time the fruit swells and the flowers break out in long clusters on the vines. And in the growing year the warmth grows and the leaves turn dark green. The prunes lengthen like little green birds eggs, and the limbs sag down against the crutches under the weight. And the hard little pears take shape, and the beginning of the fuzz comes out on the peaches. Grape blossoms shed their tiny petals and the nard little beads become green buttons, and the buttons grow heavy. The men who work in the fields, the owners of the little orchards, watch and calculate. The year is heavy with produce. And men are proud, for of their knowledge they can make the year heavy. They have transformed the world with their knowledge. The short, lean wheat has been made big and productive. Little sour apples have grown large and sweet, and that old grape that grew among the trees and fed the birds its tiny fruit has mothered a thousand varieties, red and black, green and pale pink, purple and yellow; and each The Grapes of Wrath 475 variety with its own flavor. The men who work in the ex- perimental farms have made new fruits nectarines and forty kinds of plums, walnuts with paper shells. And always they work, selecting, grafting, changing, driving themselves, driv- ing the earth to produce. And first the cherries ripen. Cent and a half a pound. Hell, we cant pick em for that. Black cherries and red cherries, full and sweet, and the birds eat half of each cherry and the yellowj ackets buzz into the holes the birds made. And on the ground the seeds drop and dry with black shreds hang- ing from them. The purple prunes soften and sweeten. My God, we cant pick them and dry and sulphur them. We cant pay wages, no matter what wages. And the purple prunes carpet the ground. And first the skins wrinkle a little and swarms of flies come to feast, and the valley is filled with the odor, of sweet decay. The meat turns dark and the crop shrivels on the ground. And the pears grow yellow and soft. Five dollars a ton. Five dollars for forty fifty-pound boxes; trees pruned and sprayed, orchards cultivated-pick the fruit, put it in boxes, load the trucks, deliver the fruit to the cannery-forty boxes for five dollars. We cant do it. And the yellow fruit falls heavily to the ground and splashes on the ground. The yel- lowj ackets dig into the soft meat, and there is a smell of ferment and rot. Then the grapes we cant make good wine. People cant buy good wine. Rip the grapes from the vines, good grapes, rotten grapes, wasp-stung grapes. Press stems, press dirt and But theres mildew and formic acid in the vats. 47 6 The Grapes of Wrath Add sulphur and tannic acid. The smell from the ferment is not the rich odor of wine, but the smell of decay and chemicals. Oh, well. It has alcohol in it, anyway. They can get drunk. The little farmers watched debt creep up on them like the tide. They sprayed the trees and sold no crop, they pruned and grafted and could not pick the crop. And the men of knowledge have worked, have considered, and the fruit is rotting on the ground, and the decaying mash in the wine vats is poisoning the air. And taste the wine-no grape flavor at all, just sulphur and tannic acid and alcohol. This little orchard will be a part of a great holding next year, for the debt will have choked the owner. This vineyard will belong to the bank. Only the great owners can survive, for they own the canneries too. And four pears peeled and cut in half, cooked and canned, still cost fifteen cents. And the canned pears do not spoil. They will last for years. The decay spreads over the State, and the sweet smell is a great sorrow on the land. Men who can graft the trees and make the seed fertile and big can find no way to let the hun- gry people eat their produce. Men who have created new fruits in the world cannot create a system whereby their fruits may be eaten. And the failure hangs over the State like a great sorrow. The works of the roots of the vines, of the trees, must be destroyed to keep up the price, and this is the saddest, bitter- est thing of all. Carloads of oranges dumped on the ground. The people came for miles to take the fruit, but this could not be. How would they buy oranges at twenty cents a dozen if they could drive out and pick them up? And met with hoses squirt kerosene on the oranges, and they are The Grapes of Wrath 477 angry at the crime, angry at the people who have come to take the fruit. A million people hungry, needing the fruit- and kerosene sprayed over the golden mountains. And the smell of rot fills the country. Burn coffee for fuel in the ships. Burn corn to keep warm, it makes a hot fire. Dump potatoes in the rivers and place guards along the banks to keep the hungry people from fish- ing them out. Slaughter the pigs and bury them, and let the putrescence drip down into the earth. There is a crime here that goes beyond denunciation. There is a sorrow here that weeping cannot symbolize. There is a failure here that topples all our success. The fertile earth, the straight tree rows, the sturdy trunks, and the ripe fruit. And children dying of pellagra must die because a profit cannot be taken from an orange. And coroners must fill in the certificates died of malnutrition because the food must rot, must be forced to rot. The people come with nets to fish for potatoes in the river, and the guards hold them back; they come in rattling cars to get the dumped oranges, but the kerosene is sprayed. And they stand still and watch the potatoes float by, listen to the screaming pigs being killed in a ditch and covered with quicklime, watch the mountains of oranges slop down to a putrefying ooze; and in the eyes of the people there is the failure; and in the eyes of the hungry there is a growing wrath. In the souls of the people the grapes of wrath are fill- ing and growing heavy, growing heavy for the vintage. Chapter Twenty-Six I N THE Weedpatch camp, on an evening when the long, barred clouds hung over the set sun and inflamed their edges, the Joad family lingered after their supper. Ma hesitated before she started to do the dishes. We got to do somepin, she said. And she pointed at Winfield. Look at im, she said. And when they stared at the little boy, Hes a-jerkin an a-twistin in his sleep. Lookut his color. The members of the family looked at the earth again in shame. Fried dough, Ma said. One month we been here. An Tom had five days work. An the rest of you scrabblin out ever day, an no work. An scairt to talk. An the money gone. Youre scairt to talk it out. Ever night you jus eat, an then you get wanderin away. Cant bear to talk it out. Well, you got to. Rosasharn aint far from due, an lookut her color. You got to talk it out. Now dont none of you get up till we figger somepin out. One day 5 more grease an two days flour, an ten potatoes. Y'ou set here an get busy! They looked at the ground. Pa cleaned his thick nails with his pocket knife. Uncle John picked at a splinter on the box he sat on. Tom pinched his lower lip and pulled it away from his teeth. He released his lip and said softly, We been a -loo kin , Ma. Been walkin out sence we cant use the gas no more. Been  478 , The Grapes of Wrath 479 goin In ever gate, walkin up to ever house, even when we knowed they wasnt gonna be nothin. Puts a weight on ya. Goin out lookin for somepin you know you aint gonna find Ma said fiercely, You aint got the right to get discour- aged. This here famblys goin under. You jus aint got the right. Pa Inspected his scraped nail We gotta go, he said. We didn wanta go. Its nice here, an folks is nice here. Were feared well have to go live in one a them Hooverviiles. Well, if we got to, we got to. First thing is, we got to eat. A1 broke in. I got a tankful a gas in the truck. I didn let nobody get into that. Tom smiled. This here A1 got a lot of sense along with hes randy-pandy. Now you figger, Ma said. I aint watchin this here fambly starve no more. One day more grease. Thats what we got. Come time for Rosasharn to lay in, she got to be fed up. You figger! This here hot water an toilets Pa began. Well, we cant eat no toilets. Tom said, They was a fella come by today lookin for men to go to Marysville. Pickin fruit. Well, why don we go to Marysville? Ma demanded. I dunno, said Tom. Didn seem right, somehow. He was so anxious. Wouldn say how much the pay was. Said he didn know exactly. Ma said, Were a-goin to Marysville. I don care what the pay is. Were a-goin. Its too far, said Tom. We aint got the money for 480 The Grapes of Wrath gasoline. We couldn get there. Ma, yon say we got to figger. I aint done nothin but figger the whole time. Uncle John said, 'Teller says theys cotton a-comin in up north, near a place called Tulare. That aint very far, the feller says. "Well, we got to git goin, an goin quick. I aint a-settin 9 here no longer, no matter how nice. Ma took up her bucket and walked toward the sanitary unit for hot water. Ma gets tough, Tom said. "I seen her a-gettin mad quite a piece now. She jus boils up. Pa said with relief, "Well, she brang it into the open, any- ways. I been layin at night a-burnin my brains up. Now we can talk her out, anyways. Ma came back with her bucket of steaming water. "Well, she demanded, figger anything out? Jus workin her over, said Tom. "Now spose we jus 9 move up north where that cottons at. We been over this here country. We know they aint nothin here. Spose we pack up an shove north. Then when the cottons ready, well be there. I kinda like to get my hans aroun some cotton. You got a full tank, Al? Almosbout two inches down. "Should get us up to that place. Ma poised a dish over the bucket. "Well? she demanded, Tom said, You win. Well move on, I guess. Huh, Pa? "Guess we got to, Pa said. Ma glanced at him. When? "Well no need waitin. Mights well go in the morninV "We got to go in the mornin. I tol you whats lef "Now, Ma, don think I don 9 wanta go. I aint had a good gutful to eat in two weeks. Course I filled up, but I didn 9 take no good from it. The Grapes of Wrath 481 Ma plunged the dish into the bucket. Well go in the mornin, she said. Pa sniffed. Seems like times is changed, he said sar- castically. Time was when a man said what we'd do. Seems like women is tellin now. Seems like its purty near time to get out a stick. Ma put the clean dripping tin dish out on a box. She smiled down at her work. You get your stick, Pa, she said. Times when theys food an' a place to set, then maybe you can use your stick an keep your skin whole. But you aint a-doin your job, either a-thinkin or aworkin If you was, why, you could use your stick, an women folksd sniffle their nose an creep-mouse aroun. But you jus get you a stick now an you aint lickin no woman; youre a-fightin, cause I got a stick all laid out too. Pa grinned with embarrassment. Now it aint good to have the little fellas hear you talkin like that, he said. You get some bacon inside the little fellas fore you come tellin what else is good for em, said Ma. Pa got up in disgust and moved away, and Uncle John fol- lowed him. Mas hands were busy in the water, but she watched them go, and she said proudly to Tom, Hes all right. He aint beat. Hes like as not to take a smack at me. Tom laughed. You jus a-treadin him on? Sure, said Ma. Take a man, he can get worried an wor- ried, an it eats out his liver, an purty soon hell jus lay down and die with his heart et out. But if you can take an make im mad, why, hell be awright. Pa, he didn say nothin, but hes mad now. Hell show me now. Hes awright. A1 got up. Fm gonna walk down the row, he said. Better see the trucks ready to go, Tom warned him. 482 The Grapes of Wrath Shes ready. If she aint. Ill turn Ma on ya. Shes ready. A1 strolled jauntily along the row of tents. Tom sighed. Im a-gettin tired, Ma. How bout rnakin me mad? You got more sense, Tom. I don need to make you mad. I got to lean on you. Them others-theyre kinda strangers, all but you. You wont give up, Tom. The job fell on him. I don like it, he said. I wanta go out like Al. An I wanta get mad like Pa, an I wanta get drunk like Uncle John. Ma shook her head. You cant, Tom. I know. I knowed from the time you was a little fella. You cant. Theys some folks thats just theirself an nothin more. Theres Al hes jus a young fella after a girl. You wasnt never like that, Tom. Sure I was, said Tom. Still am. No you aint. Everthing you do is moren you. When they sent you up to prison I knowed it. Youre spoke for. Now, Ma-cut it out. It aint true. Its all in your head. She stacked the knives and forks on top of the plates. Maybe. Maybe its in my head. Rosasharn, you wipe up these here an put em away. The girl got breathlessly to her feet and her swollen mid- dle hung out in front of her. She moved sluggishly to the box and picked up a washed dish. Tom said, Gettin so tightful its a-pullin her eyes wide. Dont you go a-jollyin, said Ma. Shes doin good. You go long an say goo-by to anybody you wan. O.K., he said. Im gonna see how far it is up there. Ma said to the girl, He aint sayin stuff like that to make you feel bad. Wheres Ruthic an W infi cl? The Grapes of Wrath 483 They snuck off after Pa. I seen em. Well, leave em go. Rose of Sharon moved sluggishly about her work. Ma in- spected her cautiously. You feelin pretty good? Your cheeks is kinda saggy. 1 aint had milk like they said I ought. I know. We jus didn have no milk. Rose of Sharon said dully, E Connie hadn went away, wed a had a little house by now, with him studyin an all. Would a got milk like I need. Would a had a nice baby. This here baby aint gonna be no good. I ought a had milk. She reached in her apron pocket and put something into her mouth. Ma said, I seen you nibblin on somepin. What you earin? Nothin. Come on, what you nibblin on? Jus a piece a slack lime. Foun a big hunk. Why, thas jus like earin dirt. I kinda feel like I wan it. Ma was silent. She spread her knees and tightened her skirt. I know, she said at last. I et coal oncet when 1 was in a fambly way. Et a big piece a coal. Granma says I shouldn. Don you say that about the baby. You got no right even to think it. Got no husban! Got no milk! Ma said, If you was a well girl, Id take a whang at you. Right in the face. She got up and went inside the tent. She came out and stood in front of Rose of Sharon, and she held out her hand. Look! The small gold earrings were in her hand. These is for you. 484 The Grapes of Wrath The girls eyes brightened for a moment, and then she looked aside. I aint pierced. Well, Im a-gonna pierce ya. Ma hurried back into the tent. She came back with a cardboard box. Hurriedly she threaded a needle, doubled the thread and tied a series of knots in it. She threaded a second needle and knotted the thread. In the box she found a piece of cork. Itll hurt. Itll hurt. Ma stepped to her, put the cork in back of the ear lobe and pushed the needle through the ear, into the cork. The girl twitched. It sticks. Itll hurt. No moren that. Yes, it will. Well, then. Les see the other ear first. She placed the cork and pierced the other ear. Itll hurt. Hush!  said Ma. Its all done. Rose of Sharon looked at her in wonder. Ma clipped the needles off and pulled one knot of each thread through the lobes. Now, she said. Ever day well pull one knot, and in a couple weeks itll be all well an you can wear em. Here- tneyre yourn now. You can keep em. Rose of Sharon touched her ears tenderly and looked at the tiny spots of blood on her fingers. It didn hurt. Jus stuck a little. You oughta been pierced long ago, said Ma. She looked at the girls face, and she smiled in triumph. Now get them dishes all done up. lour baby gonna be a good baby. Very near let you have a baby without your ears was pierced. But youre safe now. Does it mean somepin? The Grapes of Wrath 485 Why, course it does, said Ma.  Course it does. AI strolled down the street toward the dancing platform. Outside a neat little tent he whistled softly, and then moved along the street. He walked to the edge of the grounds and sat down in the grass. The clouds over the west had lost the red edging now, and the cores were black, Al scratched his legs and looked toward the evening sky. In a few moments a blond girl walked near; she was pretty and sharp-featured. She sat down in the grass beside him and did not speak. Al put his hand on her waist and walked his fingers around. Dont, she said. You tickle. Were goin away tomorra, said AL She looked at him, startled. Tomorra? Where? Up north, he said lightly. Well, were gonna git married, aint we? Sure, sometime. You said purty soon! she cried angrily. Well, soon is when soon comes. You promised. He walked his fingers around farther. Git away, she cried. You said we was. Well, sure we are. An now youre goin away. Al demanded, Whats the matter with you? You in a fambly way? No, I aint. Al laughed. I jus been wastin my time, huh? Her chin shot out. She jumped to her feet. You git away from me, Al Joad. I don wanta see you no more. Aw, come on. Whats the matter? You think youre jus hell on wheels. , 486 The Grapes of Wrath Now wait a minute. You think I got to go out with you. Well, I dont! I got lots a chances. Now wait a minute. No, sir you git away. A1 lunged suddenly, caught her by the ankle, and tripped her. He grabbed her when she fell and held her and put his hand over her angry mouth. She tried to bite his palm, but he cupped it out over her mouth, and he held her down with his other arm. And in a moment she lay still, and in another moment they were giggling together in the dry grass. Why, well be a-comin back purty soon, said Al. An TO have a pocketful a jack. Well go down to Hollywood an see the pitchers. She was lying on her back. Al bent over her. And he saw the bright evening star reflected in her eyes, and he saw the black cloud reflected in her eyes. Well go on the train, he said. How long ya think itll be? she asked. Oh, maybe a month, he said. The evening dark came down and Pa and Uncle John squatted with the heads of families out by the office. They studied the night and the future. The little manager, in his white clothes, frayed and clean, rested his elbows on the porch rail. His face was drawn and tired. Huston looked up at him. You better get some sleep, mister. I guess I ought. Baby born last night in Unit Three. Im getting to be a good midwife. Telia oughta know, said Huston. Married fella got to know. 487 The Grapes of Wrath Pa said, Were a-gittin out m the mornin Yeah? Which way you goin? Thought wed go up north a little. Try to get in the first cotton. We aint had work. Were outa food. Know if theys any work? Huston asked. No, but were sure they aint none here. They will be, a little later, Huston said. Well hold on. We hate to go, said Pa. Folks been so nice here an the toilets an all. But we got to eat. Got a tank of gas. Thatll get us a little piece up the road. We had a bath ever day here. Never was so clean in my life. Funny thing use ta be I ony got a bath ever week an I never seemed to stink. But now if I dont get one ever day 1 stink. Wonder if talcin a bath so often makes that? Maybe you couldnt smell yourself before, the manager said. Maybe. I wisht we could stay. The little manager held his temples between his palms. I think theres going to be another baby tonight, he said. We gonna have one in our fambly fore long, said Pa. I wisht we could have it here. I sure wisht we could. Tom and Willie and Jule the half-breed sat on the edge of the dance floor and swung their feet. I got a sack of Durham, jule said. Like a smoke? I sure would, said Tom. Aint had a smoke for a hell of a time. He rolled the brown cigarette carefully, to keep down the loss of tobacco. Well, sir, well be sorry to see you go, said Willy. You folks is good folks. Tom lighted his cigarette. I been thinkin about it a lot. Jesus Christ, I wisht we could settle down. 488 The Grapes of Wrath Juie took back his Durham. It aint nice, he said. 1 got a little girl. Thought when I come out here shed get some schoolin. But hell, we aint in one place hardly long enough. Jes gits goin an we got to drag on. I hope we dont get in no more Hoovervilles, said Tom. I was really scairt, there. Deputies push you arounP  I was scairt Id kill somebody, said Tom. Was ony there a little while, but I was a-stewin aroun the whole time. Depity come in an picked up a friend, jus because he talked outa cum. I was jus stewin all the time. Ever been in a strike? Willie asked. No.  Well, I been a-thinkin a lot. Why don them depities get in here an raise hell like ever place else? Think that lit- tle guy in the office is a-stoppin em? No, sir. Well, what is? Jule asked. Ill tell ya. Its cause were all a-workin cogether. Depity cant pick on one fella in this camp. Hes pickin on the whole darn camp. An he dont dare. All we got to do is give a yell an theys two hunderd men out. Fella organizin for the union was a-talkin out on the road. He says we could do that any place. Jus stick together. They aint raisin hell with no two hunderd men. Theyre pickin on one man. Yeah, said jule, an suppose you got a union? You got ' to have leaders. Theyll jus pick up your leaders, an wheres your union? Well, said Willie, we got to figure her out some time. I been out here a year, an wages is goin right on down. Fella cant feed his famly on his work now, an its gettin' worse all the time. It aint gonna do no good to set aroun an starve. I don know what to do. If a fella owns a team a The Grapes of Wrath 489 horses, he dont raise no hell if he got to feed em when the aint workin. But if a fella got men workin for him, lie jus dont give a damn. Horses is a hell of a lot more worth than men. I don understan it. Gets so I don wanta think about it, said Jule, An 1 got to think about it. I got this here little girl. You know how purty she is. One week they give her a prize in this camp cause shes so purty. Well, whats gonna happen to her? Shes gettin spindly. ! aint gonna stan it. Shes so purty. Im gonna bust out. How? Willie asked. What you gonna do steal some stuff an git in jail? Kill somebody an git hung? I don know, said Jule. Gits me nuts thinkin about it. Gets me clear nuts. Im a-gonna miss them dances, Tom said. Them was some of the nicest dances I ever seen. Well, Im gonna turn in. So loner. Ill be seein you someplace. He shook hands. Sure will, said Jule. Well, so long. Tom moved away into the darkness. In the darkness of the Joad tent Ruthie and Winfield lay on their mattress, and Ma lay beside them. Ruthie whispered, Ma! Yeah? Aint you asleep yet? Ma they gonna have croquet where were goin? I don know. Get some sleep. We want to get an early start. Well, I wisht wed stay here where were sure we got croquet. Sh! said Ma. Ma, WinfieF hit a kid tonight. H shouldn of. 490 The Grapes of Wrath I know. I tol im, but he hit the kid right in the nose an, Jesus, how the blood run down! Don talk like that. It aint a nice way to talk. Winfield turned over. That kid says we was Okies, he said in an outraged voice. He says he wasnt no Okie cause he come from Oregon. Says we was goddamn Okies. I socked him. Sh! You shouldn. He cant hurt you callin names. Well, I wont let im, Winfield said fiercely. Sh! Get some sleep. Ruthie said, You oughta seen the blood run down all over his clothes. Ma reached a hand from under the blanket and snapped Ruthie on the cheek with her finger. The little girl went rigid for a moment, and then dissolved into sniffling, quiet crying. In the sanitary unit Pa and Uncle John sat in adjoining compartments. Mights well get in a good las one, said Pa. Its sure nice. Member how the little fellas was so scairt when they flushed em the first time? I wasnt so easy myself, said Uncle John. He pulled his overalls neatly up around his knees. Im gettin bad, he said. I feel sin. You cant sin none, said Pa. You aint got no money. Jus sit tight. Cos you at leas two bucks to sin, an we aint got two bucks amongst us. Yeah! But Im a-thinkin sin. A wright. You can think sin for nothin. Its jus as bad, said Uncle John. Its a whole hell of a lot cheaper, said Pa. Dont you go makin light of sin. The Grapes of Wrath 491 I aint. You jus go ahead. You always gets sinful jus when hells apoppin I know it, said Uncle John. Always was that way. 1 never toF half the stuff I done. Well, keep it to yaself. These here nice toilets gets me sinful Go out in the bushes then. Come on, pull up ya pants an les get some sleep. Pa pulled his overall straps in place and snapped the buckle. He flushed the toilet and watched thoughtfully while the water whirled in the bowl It was still dark when Ma roused her camp. The low night lights shone through the open doors of the sanitary units. From the tents along the road came the assorted snores of the campers. Ma said, Come on, roil out. We got to be on our way. Days not far off. She raised the screechy shade of the lan- tern and lighted the wick. Come on, all of you. The floor of the tent squirmed into slow action. Blankets and comforts were thrown back and sleepy eyes squinted blindly at the light. Ma slipped on her dress over the under- clothes she wore to bed. We got no coffee, she said. I got a few biscuits. We can eat em on the road. Jus get up now, an well load the truck. Come on now. Dont make no noise. Don wanta wake the neighbors. It was a few moments before they were fully aroused. Now don you get away, Ma warned the children. The family dressed. The men pulled down the tarpaulin and loaded up the truck. Make it nice an flat, Ma warned them. They piled the mattress on top of the load and bound the tarpaulin in place over its ridge pole. A wright, Ma, said Tom. Shes ready. 492 The Grapes of Wrath Ma held a plate of cold biscuits in her hand. Wright. Here. Each take one. Its all we got. Ruthie and Winfield grabbed their biscuits and climbed up on the load. They covered themselves with a blanket and went back to sleep, still holding the cold hard biscuits in their hands. Tom got into the drivers seat and stepped on the starter. It buzzed a little, and then stopped. 4 Goddamn you, Al! Tom cried. You let the battery run down. Al blustered, How the hell was I gonna keep her up if I aint got gas to run her? Tom chuckled suddenly. Well, I don know- how, but its your fault. You got to crank her. I tell you it aint my fault. Tom got out and found the crank under the seat. Its my fault, he said. Gimme that crank. Al seized it. Pull down the spark so she dont take my arm off. O.K. Twist her tail. Al labored at the crank, around and around. The engine caught, spluttered, and roared as Tom choked the car deli- cately. He raised the spark and reduced the throttle. Ma climbed in beside him. We woke up everbody in the camp, she said. Theyll go to sleep again. Al climbed in on the other side. Pa n Uncle John got up top, he said. Goin to sleep again. Tom drove toward the main gate. The watchman came out of the office and played his flashlight on the truck. Wait a minute. ' V-v  v ' . v , What ya want? You checkin out? 493 The Grapes of Wrath Sore. Well, ! got to cross you off. - O.K. Know which way youre goin? Well, were gonna try up north. Well, good luck, said the watchman. Same to you. So long. The truck edged slowly over the big hump and into the road. Tom retraced the road he had driven before, past Weedpatch and west until he came to 99, then north on the great paved road, toward Bakersfield. It was growing light when he came into the outskirts of the city. Tom said, Ever place you look is restaurants. An them places all got coffee. Lookit that all-nighter there. Bet they got ten gallons a coffee in there, all hot! Aw, shut up, said Al. Tom grinned over at him. Well, I see you got yaself a girl right off. Well, what of it? Hes mean this mornin, Ma. He aint good company. Al said irritably. Im goin out on my own purty soon. Fella can make his way lot easier if he aint got a fambly. Tom said, Youd have yaself a fambly in nine months. 1 seen you playin aroun. Ya crazy, said Al. Id get myself a job in a garage an I'd eat in restaurants  An youd have a wife an kid in nine months. I tell ya I wouldn. Tom said, Youre a wise guy, AL You gonna take soma , bearin over the head. Whos gonna do it? Theyll always be guys to do it, said Torn, 494 The Grapes of Wrath You think jus because you   Now you jus stop that, Ma broke in. I done it, said Tom. I was a-badgerin him. I didnt mean no harm, Al. I didn know you liked that girl so much. I dont like no girls much. Awright, then, you dont. You aint gonna get no argu- ment out of me. The truck came to the edge of the city. Look a them hot- dog stans hunderds of em, said Tom. Ma said, Tom! I got a dollar put away. You wan coffee bad enough to spen it? No, Ma. Im jus foolin. You can have it if you wan it bad enough. I wouldn take it. Al said, Then shut up about coffee. Tom was silent for a time. Seems like I got my foot in it all the time, he said. Theres the road we run up that night. I hope we dont never have nothin like that again, said Ma. That was a bad night. I didn like it none either. The sun rose on their right, and the great shadow of the truck ran beside them, flicking over the fence posts beside the road. They ran on past the rebuilt Hooverville. Look, said Tom. They got new people there. Looks like the same place. Al came slowly out of his sullenness. Fella tol me some a them people been burned out fifteen-twenty times. Says they jus go hide down the willows an then they come out an build em another weed shack. Jus like gophers. Got so use to it they dont even get mad no more, this fella says, They jus figger its like bad weather. The Grapes of Wrath 495 Sure was bad weather for me that night, said Tom. They moved up the wide highway. And the suns warmth made them shiver. Gettin snappy in the mornin, said Tom. Winters on the way. I jus hope we can get some money fore it comes. Tent aint gonna be nice in the winter. Ma sighed, and then she straightened her head. Tom, she said, we gotta have a house in the winter. I tell ya we got to. Ruthies awright, but WinfieF aint so strong. We got to have a house when the rains come. I heard it jus rains cats aroun here. Well get a house, Ma. You res easy. You gonna have a house. Jus sos its got a roof an a floor. Jus to keep the little iellas offn the groun. Well try, Ma. I don wanna worry ya now. Well try, Ma. I jus get panicky sometimes, she said. I jus lose my spunk. I never seen you when you lost it. Nights I do, sometimes. There came a harsh hissing from the front of the truck. Tom grabbed the wheel tight and he thrust the brake down to the floor. The track bumped to a stop. Tom sighed. Well, there she is. He leaned back in the seat. A1 leaped out and ran to the right front tire. Great big nail, he called. We got any tire patch? No, said AL Used it all up. Got patch, but no glue stuff. Tom turned and smiled sadly at Ma. You shouldn a tol 496 The Grapes of Wrath About that dollar he said. Wed a fixed her some way He got out of the car and went to the flat tire. A1 pointed to a big nail protruding from the flat casing. ''There she is! If theys one nail in the county, we run over it. Is it bad? Ma called. No, not bad, but we got to fix her. The family piled down from the top of the truck. Punc- ture? Pa asked, and then he saw the tire and was silent. Tom moved Ma from the seat and got the can of tire patch from underneath the cushion. He unrolled the rubber patch and took out the tube of cement, squeezed it gently. Shes almos dry, he said. Maybe theys enough. Awright, Al. Block the back wheels. Les get her jacked up. Tom and Al worked well together. They put stones be- hind the wheels, put the jack under the front axle, and lifted the weight off the limp casing. They ripped off the casing. They found the hole, dipped a rag in the gas tank and washed the tube around the hole. And then, while Al held the tube tight over his knee, Tom tore the cement tube in two and spread the little fluid thinly on the rubber with his pocket knife. He scraped the gum delicately. Now let her dry while I cut a patch. He trimmed and beveled the edge of, the blue patch. Al held the tube tight while Tom put the patch tenderly in place. There! Now bring her to the run- ning board while I tap her with a hammer. He pounded the patch carefully, then stretched the tube and watched the edges of the patch. There she is! Shes gonna hold. Stick her on the rim an well pump her up. Looks like you keep your buck, Ma. A said, I wisht we had a spare. We got to get us a spare The Grapes of Wrath 497 Tom, on a rim an all pumped up. Then we can fix a punc- ture at night. When we get money for a spare well get us some coffee an side-meat instead, Tom said. The light morning traffic buzzed by on the highway, and the sun grew warm and bright. A wind, gentle and sighing, blew in puffs from the southwest, and the mountains on both sides of the great valley were indistinct in a pearly mist. Tom was pumping at the tire when a roadster, coming from the north, stopped on the other side of the road. A brown-faced man dressed in a light gray business suit got out and walked across to the truck. He was bareheaded. He smiled, and his teeth were very white against his brown skim He wore a massive gold wedding ring on the third finger of Ms left hand. A little gold football hung on a slender chain across his vest. Morning, he said pleasantly. Tom stopped pumping and looked up. Mornin. The man ran his fingers through his coarse, short, graying hair. You people looking for work? We sure are, mister. Lookin even under boards. Can you pick peaches? We never done it, Pa said. We can do anything, Tom said hurriedly. We can pick anything there is. The man fingered his gold football Well, theres plenty of work for you about forty miles north. Wed sure admire to get it, said Tom. You tell us how to get there, an well go a-lopin. Well, you go north to Pixley, thats thirty-five or -sb miles, and you turn east. Go about six miles. Ask anybody 198 The Grapes of Wrath where the Hooper ranch is. Youll find plenty of work there. We sure will. Know where theres other people looking for work? Sure, said Tom. Down at the Weedpatch camp they's plenty lookin for work. Ill take a run down there. We can use quite a few. Re- member now, turn east at Pixley and keep straight east to the Hooper ranch. Sure, said Tom. An we thank ya, mister. We need work awful bad. All right. Get along as soon as you can. He walked back across the road, climbed into his open roadster, and drove away south. Tom threw his weight on the pump. Twenty apiece, he called. One two three four  At twenty A1 took the pump, and then Pa and then Uncle John. The tire filled out .and grew plump and smooth. Three times around, the pump went. Let er down an les see, said Tom. A1 released the jack and lowered the car. Got plenty, he said. Maybe a little too much. They threw the tools into the car. Come on, les go, Tom called. Were gonna get some work at last. Ma got in the middle again. A1 drove this time. Now take her easy. Dont burn her up, Al. They drove on through the sunny morning fields. The mist lifted from the hilltops and they were clear and brown, with black-purple creases. The wild doves flew up from the fences as the truck passed. Al unconsciously increased his speed. Easy, Tom warned him. Shell blow up if you crowd The Grapes of Wrath 499 her. We got to get there. Might even get in some work to- day. 95 Ma said excitedly, With four men aworkin maybe 1 can get some credit right off. Fust thing 111 get is coffee, cause you been wanting that, an 9 then some flour an 9 bakin powder an 5 some meat. Better not get no side-meat right off. Save that for later. Maybe Satdy. An 9 soap. Got to get soap. Wonder where well stay. She babbled on. An 9 milk. Ill get some milk cause Rosasharn, she ought to have milk. The lady nurse says that. A snake wriggled across the warm highway. A1 zipped over and ran it down and came back to his own lane. Gopher snake, said Tom. You oughtnt to done that. I hate em, said A1 gaily. Hate all kinds. Give me the stomach-quake. The forenoon traffic on the highway increased, salesmen in shiny coupes with the insignia of their companies painted on the doors, red and white gasoline trucks dragging clink- ing chains behind them, great square-doored vans from wholesale grocery houses, delivering produce. The country was rich along the roadside. There were orchards, heavy leafed in their prime, and vineyards with the long green crawlers carpeting the ground between the rows. There were melon patches and grain fields. White houses stood in the greenery, roses growing over them. And the sun was gold and warm. In the front seat of the truck Ma and Tom and A1 were  overcome with happiness. I aint really felt so good for a long time, Ma said.  9 F we pick plenty peaches we might get a house, pay rent even, for a couple months. We got to have a house. A1 said, Im a-gonna save up. Ill save up an then Im joo The Grapes of Wrath 1-goin in a town an 7 get me a job in a garage. Live in a room an eat in restaurants. Go to the movin pitchers ever damn night. Don 5 cost much. Cowboy pitchers. His hands tightened on the wheel. The radiator bubbled and hissed steam. Did you fill her up? Tom asked. Yeah. Winds kinda behind us. Thats what makes her boil. Its a awful nice day, Tom said. Use 5 ta work there in McAlester an think all the things Id do. Id go in a straight line way to hell an gone an never stop nowheres. Seems like a long time ago. Seems like its years ago I was in. They wa, a guard made it tough. I was gonna lay for im. Guess thatr what makes me mad at cops. Seems like ever cop got hi? face. He use ta get red in the face. Looked like a pig. Had a brother out west, they said. Use ta get fellas paroled to his brother, an then they had to work for nothin. If they raised a stink, theyd get sent back for breakin parole. Thats what the fellers said. Don think about it, Ma begged him. I'm a-gonna lay in a lot a stuff to eat. Lot a flour an lard. Mights well think about it, said Tom. Try to shut it out, an itll whang back at me. They was a screwball. Never tol you bout him. Looked like Happy Hooligan. Harmless kinda fella. Always was gonna make a break. Fellas all called him Hooligan. Tom laughed to himself. Don think about it, Ma begged. Go on, said Al. Tell about the fella. It dont hurt nothin, Ma, Tom said. This fella was always gonna break out. Make a plan, he would; but he couldn keep it to hisself an purty soon everbody knowed it, even the warden. Hed make his break an theyd take im ! The Grapes of Wrath 501 I by the han an lead im back. Well, one time he drawed a ; plan where hes goin over. Course he showed it aroun, an eve rbody kep still An he hid out, an everbody kep still. So hes got himself a rope somewheres, an he goes over the  wall Theys six guards outside with a great big sack, an j Hooligan comes quiet down the rope an they jus hoF the sack out an he goes right inside. They tie up the mouth an take ini back inside. Fellas laughed so hard they like to died, i But it busted Hooligans spirit. He jus cried an cried, an i moped aroun an got sick. Hurt his feelins so bad. Cut his wrists with a pin an bled to death cause his feelins was hurt. No harm in im at all. Theys all kinds a screwballs in stir. Don talk about it, Ma said. I knowed Purty Boy Floyds ma. He want a bad boy. Jus got drove in a cor- j ner. The sun moved up toward noon and the shadow of the truck grew lean and moved in under the wheels. Mus be Pixley up the road, A1 said. Seen a sign a little back. They drove into the little town and turned eastward on a narrower road. And the orchards lined the way and made an aisle. Hope we can find her easy, Tom said. I Ma said, That fella said the Hooper ranch. Said any- body d tell us. Hope theys a store near by. Might get some credit, with four men workin. I could get a real nice supper if theyd gimme some credit. Make up a big stew maybe. An' coffee, said Tom. Might even get me a sack a Durham. I aint had no tobacca of my own for a long time. Far ahead the road was blocked with cars, and a line of ; white motorcycles was drawn up along the roadside. Mus 1  be a wreck, Tom said. j As they drew near a State policeman, in boots and Sam 502 The Grapes of Wrath Browne belt, stepped around the last parked car. He held up his hand and A1 pulled to a stop. The policeman leaned con- fidentially on the side of the car. Where you going? A1 said, Fella said they was work pickin peaches up this way. Want to work, do you? Damn right, said Tom. O.K. Wait here a minute. He moved to the side of the road and called ahead. One more. Thats six cars ready. Better take this batch through  Tom called, Hey! Whats the matter? The patrol man lounged back. Got a little trouble up ahead. Dont you worry. Youll get through. Just follow the line. There came the splattering blast of motorcycles starting. The line of cars moved on, with the Joad truck last. Two motorcycles led the way, and two followed. Tom said uneasily, I wonder whats a matter. Maybe the roads out, A1 suggested. Don need four cops to lead us. I don like it. The motorcycles ahead speeded up. The line of old cars speeded up. A1 hurried to keep in back of the last car. These here is our own people, all of em, Tom said. I don like this. Suddenly the leading policemen turned off the road into a wide graveled entrance. The old cars whipped after them. The motorcycles roared their motors. Tom saw a line of men standing in the ditch beside the road, saw their mouths open as though they were yelling, saw their shaking fists and their furious faces. A stout woman ran toward the cars, but a roaring motorcycle stood in her way. A high wire gate swung open. The six old cars moved through and the gate The Grapes of Wrath 503 closed behind them. The four motorcycles turned and sped back in the direction from which they had come. And now that the motors were gone, the distant yelling of the men in the ditch could be heard. Two men stood beside the graveled road. Each one carried a shotgun. One called, Go on, go on. What the hell are you waiting for? The six cars moved ahead, turned a bend and came sud- denly on the peach camp. There were fifty little square, flat-roofed boxes, each with a door and a window, and the whole group in a square. A water tank stood high on one edge of the camp. And a little grocery store stood on the other side. At the end of each row of square houses stood two men armed with shotguns and wearing big silver stars pinned to their shirts. The six cars stopped. Two bookkeepers moved from car to car. Want to work?  Tom answered, Sure, but what is this? Thats not your affair. Want to work? Sure we do. Name? Joad. How many men? Four. 'Women? Two. Kids? Two. Can all of you work? Why I guess so. O.K. Find house sixty-three. Wages five cents a box. No bruised fruit. All right, move along now. Go to work right awav. 504 The Grapes of Wrath The cars moved on. On the door of each square red house a number was painted. Sixty, Tom said. Theres sixty. Must be down that way. There, sixty-one, sixty-two There she is. A1 parked the truck close to the door of the little house. The family came down from the top of the truck and looked about in bewilderment. Two deputies approached. They looked closely into each face. Name? Joad, Tom said impatiently. Say, what is this here? One of the deputies took out a long list. Not here. Ever see these here? Look at the license. Nope. Aint got it. Guess theyre O.K. Now you look here. We dont want no trouble with you. Jes do your work and mind your own business and youll be all right. The two turned abruptly and walked away. At the end of the dusty street they sat down on two boxes and their position commanded the length of the street. Tom stared after them. They sure do wanta make us feel at home. Ma opened the door of the house and stepped inside. The floor was splashed with grease. In the one room stood a rusty tin stove and nothing more. The tin stove rested on four bricks and its rusty stovepipe went up through the roof. The room smelled of sweat and grease. Rose of Sharon stood be- side Ma. We gonna live here? Ma was silent for a moment. Why, sure, she said at last. It aint so bad once we wash it out. Get her mopped. I like the tent better, the girl said. This got a floor, Ma suggested. This here wouldn leak when it rains. She turned to the door. Might as well un- load, she said. . G,- The Grapes of Wrath 505 The men unloaded the track silently. A fear had fallen on them. The great square of boxes was silent. A woman went by in the street, but she did not look at them. Her head- was sunk and her dirty gingham dress was frayed at the bottom in little flags. The pall had fallen on Ruthie and Winfield. They did nol dash away to inspect the place. They stayed close to the truck, close to the family. They looked forlornly up and down the dusty street. Winfield found a piece of baling wire and he bent it back and forth until it broke. He made a little crank of the shortest piece and turned it around and around in his hands. Tom and Pa were carrying the mattresses into the house when a clerk appeared. He wore khaki trousers and a blue shirt and a black necktie. He wore silver-bound eyeglasses, and his eyes, through the thick lenses, were weak and red, and the pupils were staring little bulls eyes. He leaned for- ward to look at Tom. I want to get you checked down, he said. How many of you going to work? Tom said, Theys four men. Is this here hard work? Picking peaches the clerk said. Piece work. Give five cents a box. Aint no reason why the little fellas cant help? Sure not, if theyre careful. Ma stood in the doorway. Soons I get settled down Ft come out an help. We got nothin to eat, mister. Do we get paid right off? Well, no, not money right off. But you can get credit at the store for what you got coming  Come on, lets hurry, Tom said. I want ta get some meat an bread in me tonight. Where do we go, mister? 50 6 The Grapes of Wrath Tm going out there now. Come with me  Tom and Pa and A1 and Uncle John walked with him down the dusty street and into the orchard, in among the. peach trees. The narrow leaves were beginning to turn a pale yellow. The peaches were little globes of gold and 1 red on the branches. Among the trees were piles of empty boxes. The pickers scurried about, filling their buckets from the branches, putting the peaches in the boxes, carrying the boxes to the checking station; and at the stations, where the piles of filled boxes waited for the trucks, clerks waited to check the names of the pickers. Heres four more, the guide said to a clerk. O K. Ever picked before?  Never did, said Tom. Well, pick careful No bruised fruit, no windfalls. Bruise your fruit an we wont check em. Theres some buckets. Tom picked up a three-gallon bucket and looked at it. a holes on the bottom. Sure, said the near-sighted clerk. That keeps people from stealing them. All right-down in that section. Get The four Joads took their buckets and went into the orchard. They dont waste no time, Tom said. Christ Awmighty, A1 said. I ruther work in a garage. Pa had followed docilely into the field. He turned sud- denly bn AL Now you jus quit it, he said. You been a hankerin an a-complainin an a-bullblowin. You get to I cant lick you yet. He started to bluster, on, Al, he said quietly. The Grapes of Wrath 507 They reached for the fruit and dropped them in the buckets. Tom ran at his work. One bucket full, two buckets. He dumped them in a box. Three buckets. The box was full. I jus made a nickel, he called. He picked up the box and walked hurriedly to the station. Heres a nickels worth, he said to the checker. The man looked into the box, turned over a peach or two. Put it over there. Thats out, he said. I told you not to bruise them. Dumped em outa the bucket, didnt you? Well, every damn peach is bruised. Cant check that one. Put em in easy or youre working for nothing. Why goddamn it   Now go easy. I warned you before you started. Toms eyes drooped sullenly. O.K. he said. O.K. He went quickly back to the others. Mights well dump what you got, he said. Yours is the same as mine. Wont take 99 em. . Now, what the hell! A1 began. Got to pick easier. Cant drop em in the bucket. Got to lay em in. They started again, and this time they handled the fruit gently. The boxes filled more slowly. We could figger somepin out, I bet, Tom said. If Ruthie an Winfiel or Rosasharn jus put em in the boxes, we could work out a system. He carried his newest box to the station. Is this here worth a nickel? The checker looked them over, dug down several layers. Thats better, he said. He checked the box in. Just take it easy. Tom hurried back. I got a nickel, he called. I got a nickel. Ony got to do that there twenty times for a dollar. They worked on steadily through the afternoon. Ruthie 508 The Grapes of Wrath and Winfield found them after a while. You got to work, Pa told them. You got to put the peaches careful in the box. Here, now, one at a time. The children squatted down and picked the peaches out of the extra bucket, and a line of buckets stood ready for them. Tom carried the full boxes to the station. Thats seven, he said. Thats eight. Forty cents we got. Get a nice piece of meat for forty cents. The afternoon passed. Ruthie tried to go away. Im tard, she whined. I got to rest. You got to stay right where youre at, said Pa. Uncle John picked slowly. He filled one bucket to two of Toms. His pace didnt change. In mid-afternoon Ma came trudging out. I would a come before, but Rosasharn fainted, she said. Jes fainted away. You been earin peaches, she said to the children. Well, theyll blast you out. Mas stubby body moved quickly. She abandoned her bucket quickly and picked into her apron. When the sun went down they had picked twenty boxes. Tom set the twentieth box down. A buck, he said. How long do we work? Work till dark, long as you can see. Well, can we get credit now? Ma oughta go in an buy some stuff to eat. Sure. Ill give you a slip for a dollar now. He wrote on a strip of paper and handed it to Tom. He took it to Ma. Here you are. You can get a dollars worth of stuff at the store. Ma put down her bucket and straightened her shoulders. Gets you, the first time, dont it? Sure. Well all get used to it right off. Roll on in an get some food.      . ; ; 50 9 The Grapes of Wrath Ma said, Whatll you like to eat? Meat, said Tom. Meat an bread an a big pot a coffee with sugar in. Great big piece a meat. Ruthie wailed, Ma, were tard Better come along in, then. They was tard when they started, Pa said. Wild as rabbits theyre a-gettinb Aint gonna be no good at all less we can pin em down. Soons we get set down, theyll go to school, said Ma. She trudged away, and Ruthie and Winfield timidly fol- lowed her. We got to work ever day? Winfield asked. Ma stopped and waited. She took his hand and walked along holding it. It aint hard work, she said. Be good for you. An youre helpin us. If we all work, purty soon well live in a nice house. We all got to help. But I got so tard. I know. I got tard too. Everbody gets wore out. Got tc think about other stuff. Think about when youll go to school. I dont wanta go to no school. Ruthie dont, neither. Them kids that goes to school, we seen em, Ma. Snots! Calls us Okies. We seen em. I aint a-goin Ma looked pityingly down on his straw hair. Don give us no trouble right now, she begged. Soons we get on our feet, you can be bad. But not now. We got too much, now. 1 I et six of them peaches, Ruthie said. Well, youll have the skitters. An it aint close to no toilet where we are. The companys store was a large shed of corrugated iron. It had no display window. Ma opened the screen door and went in. A tiny man stood behind the counter. He was com- 5 IQ The Grapes of Wrath pletely bald, and his head was blue-white. Large, brown eye- brows covered his eyes in such a high arch that his face seemed surprised and a little frightened. His nose was long and thin, and curved like a birds beak, and his nostrils were blocked with light brown hair. Oyer the sleeves of his blue shirt he wore black sateen sleeve protectors. He was leaning on his elbows on the counter when Ma entered. Afternoon, she said. He inspected her with interest. The arch over his eyes be- came higher. Howdy. I got a slip here for a dollar. You can get a dollars worth, he said, and he giggled shrilly. Yes, sir. A dollars worth. One dollars worth. He moved his hand at the stock. Any of it. He pulled his sleeve protectors up neatly. Thought Id get a piece of meat. Got all kinds, he said. Hamburg, like to have some hamburg? Twenty cents a pound, hamburg. Aint that awful high? Seems to me hamburg was fifteen las time I got some. _ Well, he giggled softly, yes, its high, an same time it aint high. Time you go on in town for a couple pouns of hamburg, itll cos you bout a gallon gas. So you see it aint really high here, cause you got no gallon a gas. Ma said sternly , It didn cos you no gallon a gas to get it out here. He laughed delightedly. Youre lookin at it bass-ack- wards, he said. We aint a-buyin it, were a-seilin it. If we was buyin it, why, thatd be different. Ma put two fingers to her mouth and frowned with thought. It looks all full a fat an gristle. I aint guaranteein she wont cook down, the store- The Grapes of Wrath 51 1 keeper said. I aint guaranteed Id eat her myself; but theys lots of stuff I wouldn do. Ma looked up at him fiercely for a moment. She controlled her voice.  Aint you got some cheaper kind a meat? Soup bones, he said. Ten cents a pound. But thems jus bones. Thems jes bones, he said. Make nice soup. Jes bones. Got any boilin beef? Oh, yeah! Sure. Thats two bits a poun. . .Maybe I cant get no meat, Ma said. But they want meat. They said they wanted meat. Everbody wants meat-needs meat. That hamburg is purty nice stuff. Use the grease that comes out a her for gravy. Purty nice. No waste. Dont throw no bone away. How how much is side-meat? ; Well, now youre gettin into fancy stuff. Christmas stuff. Thanksgivin stuff. Thirty-five cents a poun. I could sell you turkey cheaper, if I had some turkey. Ma sighed. Give me two pounds hamburg. Yes, maam. He scooped the pale meat on a piece of waxed paper. An what else? Well, some bread. Right here. Fine big loaf, fifteen cents. That theres a twelve-cent loaf. Sure, it is. Go right in town an get her for twelve cents. Gallon a gas. What else can I sell you, potatoes? Yes, potatoes. Five pounds for a quarter. Ma moved menacingly toward him. I heard enough from you. I know what they cost in town. The little man clamped his mouth tight. Then go git em in town. 5 12 The Grapes of Wrath Ma looked at her knuckles. What is this? she asked softly. You own this here store? No. I jus work here. Any reason you got to make fun? That help you any? She regarded her shiny wrinkled hands. The little man was silent. Who owns this here store? Hooper Ranches, Incorporated, ma'am. An' they set the prices? Yes, maam. She looked up, smiling a little. Everbody comes in talks like me, is mad? He hesitated for a moment. Yes, maam. An thats why you make fun? What cha mean? Doin a dirty thing like this. Shames ya, dont it? Got to act flip, huh? Her voice was gentle. The clerk watched her, fascinated. He didnt answer. Thats how it is, Ma said finally. Forty cents for meat, fifteen for bread, quarter for potatoes. Thats eighty cents. Coffee? Twenty cents the cheapest, maam. An thats the dollar. Seven of us workin, an thats sup- per. She studied her hand. Wrap em up, she said quickly. Yes, maam, he said. Thanks. He put the potatoes in a bag and folded the top carefully down. His eyes slipped to Ma, and then hid in his work again. She watched him, and she smiled a little.'  Howd you get a job like this? she asked. A fella got to eat, he began; and then, belligerently, A fella got a right to eat. What fella? Ma asked. He placed the four packages on the counter. Meat, he said. Potatoes, bread, coffee. One dollar, even. She handed The Grapes of Wrath 513 him her slip of paper and watched while he entered the name and the amount in a ledger. There, he said. Now were all even. Ma picked up her bags. Say, she said. We got no sugar for the coffee. My boy Tom, he wants sugar. Look! she said. They re a-workin out there. Y ou let me have some sugar an Ill bring the slip in later. The little man looked away  took his eyes as far from Ma as he could. I cant do it, he said softly. Thats the rule. I cant. Id get in trouble. Id get canned. But theyre a-workin out in the field now. They got moren a dime cornin. Gimme ten cents of sugar. Tom, he wanted sugar in his coffee. Spoke about it. I cant do it, maam. Thats the rule. No slip, no groceries. The manager, he talks about that all the time. No, I cant do it. No, I cant. Theyd catch me. They always catch fellas. Always. I cant. For a dime? For anything, maam. He looked pleadingly at her. And then his- face lost its fear. He took ten cents from his pocket and rang it up in the cash register. There, he said with re- lief. He pulled a little bag from under the counter, whipped it open and scooped some sugar into it, weighed the bag, and added a little more sugar. There you are, he said. Now its all right. You bring in your slip an Ill get my dime back.  Ma studied him. Her hand went blindly out and put the little bag of sugar on the pile in her arm. Thanks to you, she said quietly. She started for the door, and when she reached it, she turned about. Im learnin one thing good, she said. Learnin it all a time, ever day. If youre in trouble or hurt or need go to poor people. Theyre the only ones 5x4 The Grapes of Wrath thatll help the only ones. The screen door slammed be- hind her. The little man leaned his elbows on the counter and looked after her with his surprised eyes. A plump tortoise-shell cat leaped up on the counter and stalked lazily near to him. It rubbed sideways against his arms, and he reached out with his hand and pulled it against his cheek. The cat purred loudly, and the tip of its tail jerked back and forth. Tom and A1 and Pa and Uncle John walked in from the orchard when the dusk was deep. Their feet were a little heavy against the road. You wouldn think jus' reachin up an pickin d get you in the back, Pa said. Be awright in a couple days, said Tom. Say, Pa, after we eat Pm a-gonna walk out an see what all that fuss is out- side the gate. Its been a-workin on me. Wanta come? ' No, said Pa. I like to have a little while to jus work an not think about nothin. Seems like I jus been heatin my brains to death for a hell of a long time. No, Im gonna set awhile, an then go to bed. How bout you, Al? A1 looked away. Guess Ill look aroun in here, first, he said. Well, I know Uncle John wont come. Guess Ill go her alone. Got me all curious. Pa said, Ill get a hell of a lot curiouser fore Ill do any- thing about it with all them cops out there. Maybe they aint there at night, Tom suggested. Well, I aint gonna find out. An you better not tell Ma where youre a-goin. Shell jus squirt her head off worryin. The Grapes of Wrath 515 Tom turned to AL Aint you curious? Guess Ill jes look aroun this here camp, A! said Lookin for girls, huh? Mindin my own business, A1 said acidly. Im still a-goin, said Tom. They emerged from the orchard into the dusty street be- tween the red shacks. The low yellow light of kerosene lan- terns shone from some of the doorways, and inside, in the half-gloom, the black shapes of people moved about. At the end of the street a guard still sat, his shotgun resting against his knee. Tom paused as he passed the guard. Got a place where a fella can get a bath, mister? The guard studied him in the half-light. At last he said, See that water tank? Yeah Well, theres a hose over there. Any warm water? Say, who in hell you think you are, j. F. Morgan? No, said Tom. No, I sure dont. Good night, mister. The guard grunted contemptuously. Hot water, for Christs sake. Be wantin tubs next. He stared glumly after the four Joads. A second guard came around the end house.  Smatter, Mack? Why, them goddamn Okies. Is they warm water? he says. The second guard rested his gun butt on the ground. Its them govment camps, he said. I bet that fella been in a govment camp. We aint gonna have no peace till we wipe them camps out. Theyll be wantin clean sheets, first thing we know. 56 The Grapes of Wrath Mack asked, How Is it out at the main gate hear any- thing? Well, they was out there yellin all day. State police got it in hand. Theyre runnin the hell outa them smart guys. I heard theys a long lean son-of-a-bitch spark-pluggin the thing. Fella says theyll get him tonight, an then shell go to pieces. We wont have no job if it comes too easy, Mack said. Well have a job, all right. These goddamn Okies! You got to watch em all the time. Things get a little quiet, we can always stir em up a little. Have trouble when they cut the rate here, I guess. We sure will. No, you needn worry about us havin work not while Hoopers snubbin close. The fire roared in the Joad house. Hamburger patties splashed and hissed in the grease, and the potatoes bubbled. The house was full of smoke, and the yellow lantern light threw heavy black shadows on the walls. Ma worked quickly about the fire while Rose of Sharon sat on a box resting her heavy abdomen on her knees. Feelin better now? Ma asked. Smell a cookin gets me. Im hungry, too. Go set in the door, Ma said. I got to have that box to break up anyways. The men trooped in. Meat, by God! said Tom.  And coffee. I smell her. Jesus, Im hungry! I et a lot of peaches, but they didn do no good. Where can we wash, Ma? Go down to the water tank. Wash down there. I jus sent Ruthie an Winfiel to wash. The men went out again. Go on now, Rosasham, Ma ordered. Either you set in the door or else on the bed. I got to break that box up. The girl helped herself up with her hands. She moved The Grapes of Wrath 5 1 ? heavily to one of the mattresses and sat down on it. Ruthie and Winfield came in quietly, trying by silence and by keep-  ing close to the wall to remain obscure. Ma looked over at them. I got a feelin you little fellas is lucky they aint much light, she said. She pounced at Win- field and felt his hair. Well, you got wet, anyway, but 1 bet you aint clean. They wasnt no soap, Winfield complained. No, thats right. I couldn buy no soap. Not today. Maybe we can get soap tomorra. She went back to the stove, laid out the plates, and began to serve the supper. Two pattier apiece and a big potato. She placed three slices of bread on each plate. When the meat was all out of the frying pan she poured a little of the grease on each plate. The men came in again, their faces dripping and their hair shining with water Leave me at her, Tom cried. They took the plates. They ate silently, wolfishly, and wiped up the grease with the bread. The children retired into the corner of the. room, put their plates on the floor, and knelt in front of the food like little animals. Tom swallowed the last of his bread. Got any more, Ma? No, she said. Thats all. You made a dollar, an thats a dollars worth  That? They charge extry out here. We got to go in town when we can. 1 aint full, said Tom. Well, tomorra youll get in a full day. Tomorra night well have plenty. A1 wiped his mouth on his sleeve. Guess Ill take a look around, he said. Wait, Ill go with you. Tom followed him outside. In 5 i 8 The Grapes of Wrath the darkness Tom went close to his brother. Sure you don wanta come with me? No. Im gonna look aroun like I said. O.K., said Tom. He turned away and strolled down the street. The smoke from the houses hung low to the ground; and the lanterns threw their pictures of doorways and win- dows into the street. On the doorsteps people sat and looked out into the darkness. Tom could see their heads turn as their eyes followed him down the street. At the street end the dirt road continued across a stubble field, and the black lumps of haycocks were visible in the starlight. A thin blade of moon was low in the sky toward the west, and the long cloud of the milky way trailed clearly overhead. Toms feet sounded softly on the dusty road, a dark patch against the yellow stubble. He put his hands in his pockets and trudged along toward the main gate. An embankment came close to the road. Tom could hear the whisper of water against the grasses in the irrigation ditch. He climbed up the bank and looked down on the dark water, and saw the stretched re- flections of the stars. The State road was ahead. Car lights swooping past showed where it was. Tom set out again to- ward it. He could see the high wire gate in the starlight. A figure stirred beside the road. A voice said, Hello who is it? Tom stopped and stood still. Who are you? A man stood up and walked near. Tom could see the gun in his hand. Then a flashlight played on his face. Where you think youre going? Well, I thought Id take a walk. Any law against k? You better walk some other way. Tom asked, Cant I even get out of here? The Grapes of Wrath 519 Not tonight yon cant. Want to walk back, or shall I whistle some help an take you? Hell, said Tom, it aint nothin to me. If its gonna cause a mess, I dont give a dam. Sure, Ill go back. The dark figure relaxed. The flash went off. Ya see, its for your own good. Them crazy pickets might get you. . What pickets? . Them goddamn reds. Oh, said Tom. I didn know bout them. You seen em when you come, didn you? Well, I seen a bunch a guys, but they was so many cops I didn know. Thought it was a accident. Well, you better git along back. Thats O.K. with me, mister. He swung about and started back. He walked quietly along the road a hundred yards, and then he stopped and listened. The twittering call of a raccoon sounded near the irrigation ditch and, very far away, the angry howl of a tied dog. Tom sat down beside the road and listened. He heard the high soft laughter of a night hawk and the stealthy movement of a creeping animal in the stubble. He inspected the skyline in both directions, dark frames both ways, nothing to show against. Now he stood up and walked slowly to the right of the road, off into the stubble field, and he walked bent down, nearly as low as the haycocks. He moved slowly and stopped occasionally to listen. At last he came to the wire fence, five strands of taut barbed wire. Beside the fence he lay on his back, moved his head under the lowest strand, held the wire up with his hands and slid himself under, pushing agaiifet the ground with his feet. He was about to get up when a group of men walked by on the edge of the highway. Tom waited until they were far po The Grapes of Wrath ahead before he stood up and followed them. He watched the side of the road for tents. A few automobiles went by. A stream cut across the fields, and the highway crossed it on a small concrete bridge. Tom looked over the side of the bridge. In the bottom of the deep ravine he saw a tent and a lantern was burning inside. He watched it for a moment, saw the shadows of people against the canvas walls. Tom climbed a fence and moved down into the ravine through brush and dwarf willows; and in the bottom, beside a tiny stream, he found a trail. A man sat on a box in front of the tent. Evenin, Tom said. Who are you? Well I guess, well Im jus goin past. Know anybody here? No. I tell you I was jus goin past. A head stuck out of the tent. A voice said, Whats the matter? Casy! Tom cried. Casy! For Chris sake, what you doin here? Why, my God, its Tom Joad! Come on in, Tommy Come on in. Know him, do ya? the man in front asked. Know him? Christ, yes. Knowed him for years. I come west with him. Come on in, Tom. He clutched Toms elbow and pulled him into the tent. Three other men sat on the ground, and in the center of the tent a lantern burned. The men looked up suspiciously. A dark-faced, scowling man held out his hand. Glad to meet ya, he said. I heard what Casy said. This the fella you was tellin about? Sure. This is him. Well, for Gods sake! Wheres your folks? What you doin here? The Grapes of Wrath 521 Well, said Tom, we heard they was work this-a-way. An we come, an a bunch a State cops run us into this here ranch an we been a-pickin peaches all afternoon. I seen a bunch a fellas yellin. They wouldn tell me nothin, so I come out here to see whats gain on. Hown helld you get here, Casy? The preacher leaned forward and the yellow lantern light fell on his high pale forehead. Jail house is a kinda funny place, he said. Heres me, been agoin into the wilderness like Jesus to try find out somepin. Almost got her some- times, too. But its in the jail house i really got her. His eyes were sharp and merry. Great big oP cell, an shes full all a time. New guys come in, and guys go out. An course I talked to all of em.' 5  Course you did said Tom. Always talk. If you was up on the gallows youd be passin the time a day with the hang- man. Never seen sech a talker. The men in the tent chuckled. A wizened little man with a wrinkled face slapped his knee. Talks all the time, he said. Folks kinda likes to hear im, though. Use ta be a preacher, said Tom. Did He tell that? Sure, he told. Casy grinned. Well, sir, he went on, I begin gettin at things. Some a them fellas in the tank was drunks, but mostly they was there cause they stole stuff; an mostly it was stuff they needed an couldn get no other way. Ya see? he asked. No, said Tom. Well, they was nice fellas, ya see. What made em bad was they needed stuff. An I begin to see, then. Its need that makes all the trouble. I aint got it worked out. Well, one day they give us some beans that was sour. One fella started yellin, an nothin happened. He yelled his head off. Trusty 522 The Grapes of Wrath come along an looked in an went on. Then another fella yelled. Well, sir, then we all got yellin. And we all got on the same tone, an I tell ya, it jus seemed like that tank bulged an give and swelled up. By God! Then somepin happened! They come a-runnin, and they give us some other stuff to eat give it to us. Ya see? No, said Tom. Casy put Iris chin down on his hands. Maybe I cant tell you, he said. Maybe you got to find out. Wheres your cap? I come out without it. Hows your sister? Hell, shes big as a cow. I bet she got twins. Gonna need wheels under her stomach. Got to holdin it with her hans, now. You ain tol me whats goin on. The wizened man said, We struck. This heres a strike. Well, fi cents a box aint much, but a fella can eat. Fi cents? the wizened man cried. Fi cents! They payin you fi cents? Sure. We made a buck an a half. A heavy silence fell in the tent. Casy stared out the en- trance, into the dark night. Lookie, Tom, he said at last. We come to work there. They says its gonna be fi cents. They was a hell of a lot of us. We got there an they says theyre payin two an a half cents. A fella cant even eat on that, an if he got kids So we says we wont take it. So they druv us off. An all the cops in the work come down on us. Now theyre payin you five. When they bust this here strike ya think theyll pay five? I dunno ; . Tom said. Payin five now. Lookie, said Casy. We tried to camp together, an they druv us like pigs. Scattered us. Beat the hefl outa fellas. Druv The Grapes of Wrath 523 ns like pigs. They run you in like pigs, too. We cant las much longer. Some people aint et for two days. You goin back tonight? Aim to, said Tom. Well tell the folks in there how it is, Tom. Tell em theyre starvin us an stabbin theirself in the back. Cause sure as cowflops shell drop to two an a half jus as soon as they clear us out. Ill tell em, said Tom. I don know how. Never seen so many guys with guns. Don know if theyll even let a fella talk. An folks don pass no time of day. They jus hang down their heads an wont even give a fella a howdy. Try an tell em, Tom. Theyll get two an a half, jus the minute were gone. You know what two an a half is thats one ton of peaches picked an carried for a dollar. He dropped his head. No you cant do it. You cant get your food for that. Cant eat for that. Ill try to get to tell the folks. Hows your ma? Purty good. She liked that govment camp. Baths an hot water. Yeah I heard. It was pretty nice there. Couldn find no work, though. Had a leave. Id like to go to one, said Casy. Like to see it. Fella says they aint no cops. Folks is their own cops. Casy looked up excitedly. An was they any trouble? Fightin, stealin, drinkin? No, said Tom. Well, if a fella went bad what then? Whatd they d o? r  Put im outa the camp. 524 The Grapes of Wrath But they wasn many? Hell, no, said Tom. We was there a month, an 5 ony one . 5 Casys eyes shone with excitement. He turned to the other men. Ya see? he cried. I tol 5 you. Cops cause more trouble than they stop. Look, Tom. Try an 5 get the folks in there to come on out. They can do it in a couple days. Them peaches is ripe. Tell em. They wont, said Tom. Theyre a-gettin five, an they don give a damn about nothin else. But jus the minute they aint strikebreakin they wont get no five. I don think theyll swalla that. Five theyre a-gettin. Thas all they care about. Well, tell em anyways. Pa wouldn do it, Tom said. I know im. Hed say it wasnt none of his business. Yes, Casy said disconsolately. I guess thats right. Have to take a bearin fore hell know. We was outa food, Tom said. Tonight we had meat. Not much, but we had it. Think Pas gonna give up his meat on account a other fellas? An Rosasharn oughta get milk. Think Mas gonna wanta starve that baby jus cause a bunch a fellas is yellin outside a gate? Casy said sadly, I wisht they could see it. I wisht they could see the ony way they can depen on their meat Oh, the hell! Get tard sometimes. God-awful tard. I knowed a fella. Brang im in while I was in the jail house. Been tryin to start a union. Got one started. An then them vigilantes bust it up. An know what? Them very folks he been tryin to help tossed him out. Wouldn have nothin to do with im. The Grapes of Wrath 525 Seared they'd get saw in his company. Says, Git out Youre a danger on us Well, sir, it hurt his feelins purty bad. But then he says, It aint so bad it you know He says, French Revolution all them fellas that figgered her out got their heads chopped off. Always that way, he says. Jus as natural as rain. You didn do it for fun no way. Doin it cause you have to. Cause its you. Look a Washington, he says. Fit the . Revolution, an after, them sons-a-bitches turned on him. An Lincoln the same. Same folks yellin to kill em. Natural as Dont soun like no fun, said Tom. No, it dont. This fella in jail, he says, Anyways, you do what you can. An, he says, the ony thing you got to look at is that ever time theys a little step foward, she may slip back a little, but she never slips clear back. You can prove that, he says, an that makes the whole thing right. An that means they wasnt no waste even if it seemed like they was  Talkin, said Tom. Always talkin. Take my brother Al. Hes out lookin for a girl. He dont care bout nothin else. Couple days hell get him a girl. Think about it all day an do it all night. He dont give a damn bout steps up or down or sideways. Sure, said Casy. Sure. Hes jus doin what hes got to do. All of us like that. The man seated outside pulled the tent flap wide, damn it, I don like it, he said. Casy looked out at him. Whats the matter? I don know. I jus itch all over. Nervous as a cat Well, whats the 52 6 The Grapes of Wrath Youre jus jumpy, the wizened man said. He got up and went outside. And in a second he looked into the tent, Theys a great big of black cloud a-sailin over. Bet shes got thunder. Thats whats itchin him lectricity. He ducked out again. The other two men stood up from the ground and went outside. Casy said softly, All of ems itchy. Them cops been sayin how theyre gonna beat the hell outa us an run us outa the county. They Agger Im a leader cause I talk so much. The wizened face looked in again. Casy, turn out that lantern an come outside. Theys somepin. Casy turned the screw. The flame drew down into the slots and popped and went out. Casy groped outside and Tom followed him. What is it? Casy asked softly. I dunno. Listen! There was a wall of frog sounds that merged with silence. A high, shrill whistle of crickets. But through this back- ground came other sounds faint footsteps from the road, a crunch of clods up on the bank, a little swish of brash down the stream. Cant really tell if you hear it. Fools you. Get nervous, Casy reassured them. Were all nervous. Cant really tell. You hear it, Tom? I hear it, said Tom. Yeah, I hear It. I think theys guys cornin from ever which way. We better get outa here. The wizened man whispered, Under the bridge span- out that way. Hate to leave my tent. Les go, said Casy. They moved quietly along the edge of the stream. The black span was a cave before them. Casy bent over and moved through. Tom behind. Their feet slipped into the water. Thirty feet they moved, and their breathing echoed The Grapes of Wrath 527 from the curved ceiling. Then they came out on the other side and straightened up. A sharp call, 'There they are! Two flashlight beams fell on the men, caught them, blinded them. "Stand where you are. The voices came out, of the darkness. "That's him. That shiny bastard. That's him. Gasy stared blindly at the light. He breathed heavily. "Listen, he said. "You fellas don' know what you're doin. Youre helpin to starve kids. "Shut up, you red son-of-a-bitch. A short heavy man stepped into the light. He carried a new white pick handle. Casy went on, "You don know what youre a-doin. The heavy man swung with the pick handle. Casy dodged down into the swing. The heavy club crashed into the side of his head with a dull crunch of bone, and Casy fell side- ways out of the light. "Jesus, George. I think you killed him. "Put the light on him, said George. "Serve the son-of-a- bitch right. The flashlight beam dropped, searched and found Casys crushed head. Tom looked down at the preacher. The light crossed the heavy mans legs and the white new pick handle. Tom leaped silently. He wrenched the club free. The first time he knew he had missed and struck a shoulder, but the second time his crushing blow found the head, and as the heavy man sank down, three more blows found his head. The lights danced about. There were shouts, the sound of running feet, crash- ing through brush. Tom stood over the prostrate man. And then a club reached his head, a glancing blow. He felt the stroke like an electric shock. And then he was running along the stream, bending low. He heard the splash of footsteps 528 The Grapes of Wrath following him. Suddenly he turned and squirmed up into the brush, deep into a poison-oak thicket. And he lay still. The footsteps came near, the light beams glanced along the stream bottom. Tom wriggled up through the thicket to the top. He emerged in an orchard. And still he could hear the calls, the. pursuit in the stream bottom. He bent low and ran over the cultivated earth; the clods slipped and rolled under his feet. Ahead he saw the bushes that bounded the field, bushes along the edges of an irrigation ditch. He slipped through the fence, edged in among vines and blackberry bushes. And then he lay still, panting hoarsely. He felt his numb face and nose. The nose was crushed, and a trickle of blood dripped from his chin. He lay still on his stomach until his mind came back. And then he crawled slowly over the edge of the ditch. He bathed his face in the cool water, tore off the tail of his blue shirt and dipped it and held it against his tom cheek and nose. The water stung and burned. The black cloud had crossed the sky, a blob of dark against the stars. The night was quiet again. Tom stepped into the water and felt the bottom drop from under his feet. He threshed the two strokes across the ditch and pulled himself heavily up the other bank. His clothes clung to him. He moved and made a slopping noise; his shoes squished. Then he sat down, took off his shoes and emptied them. He wrung the bottoms of his trousers, took off his coat and squeezed the water from it. Along the highway he saw the dancing beams of the flash- lights, searching the ditches. Tom put on his shoes and moved cautiously across the stubble field. Tle squishing noise no longer came from his shoes. He went by instinct toward the other side of the stubble field, and at last he came The Grapes of Wrath 529 to the road. Very cautiously he approached the square of houses. Once a guard, thinking he heard a noise, called, Whos there? Tom dropped and froze to the ground, and the flashlight beam passed over him. He crept silently to the door of the Joad house. The door squalled on its hinges. And Mas voice, calm and steady and wide awake Whats that? Me. Tom. Well, you better get some sleep. A1 aint in yet. He must a foun a girl Go on to sleep she said softly. Over under the window. He found his place and took off his clothes to the skin. He lay shivering under his blanket. And his torn face awakened from its numbness, and his whole head throbbed. It was an hour more before A1 came in. He moved cau- tiously near and stepped on Toms wet clothes. Sh! said Tom. A1 whispered, You awake? Howd you get wet? Sh said Tom. Tell you in the momin Pa turned on his back, and his snoring filled the room with gasps and snorts. Youre col, A! said. Sh. Go to sleep. The little square of the window showed gray against the black of the room. Tom did not sleep. The nerves of his wounded face came back to life and throbbed, and his cheek bone ached, and his broken nose bulged and pulsed with pain that seemed to toss him about, to shake him. He watched the little square win- 530 The Grapes of Wrath dow, saw the stars slide down over it and drop from sight. At intervals he heard the footsteps of the watchmen. At last the roosters crowed, far away, and gradually the window lightened. Tom touched his swollen face with his fingertips, and at his movement A1 groaned and murmured in his sleep. The dawn came finally. In the houses, packed together, there was a sound of movement, a crash of breaking sticks, a little clatter of pans. In the graying gloom Ma sat up sud- denly. Tom could see her face, swollen with sleep. She looked at the window, for a long moment. And then she threw the blanket off and found her dress. Still sitting down, she put it over her head and held her arms up and let the dress slide down to her waist. She stood up and pulled the dress down around her ankles. Then, in bare feet, she stepped care- fully to the window and looked out, and while she stared at the growing light, her quick fingers unbraided her hair, and smoothed the strands and braided them up again. Then she clasped her hands in front of her and stood motionless for a moment. Her face was lighted sharply by the window. She turned, stepped carefully among the mattresses, and found the lantern. The shade screeched up, and she lighted the wick. Pa rolled over and blinked at her. She said, Pa, you got more money? Huh? Yeah. Paper wrote for sixty cents. Well, git up an go buy some flour an lard. Quick, now. Pa yawned. Maybe the store aint open. Make em open it. Got to get somepin in you fellas. You got to get out to work. Pa struggled into his overalls and put on his rusty coat. He Went sluggishly out the door, yawning and stretching. The Grapes of Wrath 531 The children awakened and watched from under their blanket, like' mice. Pale light filled the room now, but color- less light, before the sun. Ma glanced at the mattresses. Uncle John was awake, A1 slept heavily. Her eyes moved to Tom, For a moment she peered at him, and then she moved quickly to him. His face was puffed and blue, and the blood was dried black on his lips and chin. The edges of the torn cheek were gathered and tight. Tom, she whispered, whats the matter? Sh! he said. Dont talk loud. I got in a fight. Tom! . I couldn help it, Ma. She knelt down beside him. You in trouble? He was a long time answering. Yeah, he said. In trou- ble. I cant go out to work. I got to hide. The children crawled near on their hands and knees, star- ing greedily. Whats the matterth him, Ma? Hush! Ma said. Go wash up. We got no soap. Well, use water. Whats the matterth Tom? Now you hush. An dont you tell nobody. They backed away and squatted down against the far wall, knowing they would not be inspected. Ma asked, Is it bad? Nose busted. I mean the trouble? Yeah. Bad! A1 opened his eyes and looked at Tom. Well, for Chris sake! What was you in? Whats a matter? Uncle John asked. Pa clumped in. They was open all right. He put a tiny 532 The Grapes of Wrath bag of flour and his package of lard on the floor beside the stove.  Sa matter? he asked. Tom braced himself on one elbow for a moment, and then he lay back. Jesus, Im weak. Im gonna tell ya once. So Ill tell all of ya. How bout the kids? Ma looked at them, huddled against the wall. Go wash ya face. No, Tom said. They got to hear. They got to know. They might blab if they don know. What the hell is this? Pa demanded. Im a-gonna tell. Las night I went out to see what all the yellin was about. An I come on Casy. The preacher? Yeah, Pa. The preacher, ony he was a-leadin the strike. They come for him. Pa demanded, Who come for him? I d unn o. Same kinda guys that turned us back on the road night. Had pick handles. He paused. They killed im. Busted his head. I was standin there. I went nuts. Grabbed pick handle. He looked bleakly back at the night, the darkness, the flashlights, as he spoke. I-I clubbed a guy. s breath caught in her throat. Pa stiffened. Kill im? softly. 't know. I was nuts. Tried to. Was you saw? I dunno. I dunno. I guess so. They had the lights on us. Ma stared into his eyes. Pa, she said, me boxes. We got to get breakfas. You got to Ruthie, Winfiel. If anybody asts you Tom is If vou tell hell get sent to jail. You hear? The Grapes of Wrath 533 Keep your eye on em, John. Don 9 let em talk to no- body. She built the fire as Pa broke the boxes that had held the goods. She made her dough, put a pot of coffee to boil. The light wood caught and roared its flame in the chimney. Pa finished breaking the boxes. He came near to Tom. Casy he was a good man. Whatd he wanta mess with that stuff for? Tom said dully, They come to work for fi cents a box. Thats what were a-gettin. Yeah. What we was a-doin was breakin strike. They give them fellas two an a half cents. You cant eat on that. I know, Tom said wearily. Thats why they struck. Well, I think they bust that strike las night. Well maybe be gettin two an a half cents today. Why, the sons-a-bitches   Yeah! Pa. You see? Casy was still a good man. Goddamn it, 1 cant get that pitcher outa my head. Him laym there head jus crushed flat an oozin. Jesus! He covered his eyes with his hand. Well, what we gonna do? Uncle John asked. A1 was standing up now. Well, by God, I know what I m gonna do. Im gonna get out of it. No, you aint, Al, Tom said. We need you now. Im the one. Im a danger now. Soons I get on my feet I got to go. Ma worked at the stove. Her head was half turned to hear. She put grease in the frying pan, and when it whispered with heat, she spooned the dough into it. Tom went on, You got to stay, Al. You got to take care a the truck. 534 The Grapes of Wrath Well, I don like it Cant help it, AL Its your folks. You can help em. I'm a danger to em. A1 grumbled angrily. I don know why I aint let to get me a job in a garage. Later, maybe. Tom looked past him, and he saw Rose of Sharon lying on the mattress. Her eyes were huge opened wide. Dont worry, he called to her. Dont you worry. Gonna get you some milk today. She blinked slowly, and didnt answer him. Pa said, We got to know, Tom. Think ya killed this fella?  I don know. It was dark. An somebody smacked me. I don know. I hope so. I hope I killed the bastard. Tom! Ma called. Don talk like that. From the street came the sound of many cars moving slowly. Pa stepped to the window and looked out. Theys a whole slew a new people cornin in, he said. I guess they bust the strike, a wright, said Tom. I guess youll start at two an a half cents. But a fella could work at a run, an still he couldn eat. I know, said Tom. Eat winfall peaches. Thatll keep ya up. Ma turned the dough and stirred the coffee. Listen to me, she said. Im gettin cornmeal today. Were a-gonna eat cornmeal mush. An soons we get enough for gas, were movin away. This aint a good place. An I aint gonna have Tom out alone. No, sir. Ya cant do that, Ma. I tell you Im jus a danger to ya. Her chin was set. Thats what well do. Here, come eat this here, an then get out to work. Ill come out soons J get washed up. We got to make some money. ' The Grapes of Wrath 535 They ate the fried dough so hot that It sizzled in their mouths. And they tossed the coffee down and filled their cups and drank more coffee. Uncle John shook his head over his plate. Dont look like were a-gonna get shet of this here. I bet its my sin. Oh, shut up! Pa cried. We aint got the time for your sin now. Come on now. Les get out to her. Kids, you come hep. Mas right. We got to go outa here. When they were gone, Ma took a plate and a cup to Tom. Better eat . a little somepin. I cant, Ma, Im so darn sore I couldn chew. You better try. No, I cant, Ma. She sat down on the edge of his mattress. You got to tell me, she said. I got to figger how it was. I got to keep straight. What was Casy a-doin? Whyd they kill im? He was jus standin there with the lights on im. Whatd he say? Can ya member what he says? Tom said, Sure. Casy said, You got no right to starve people. An then this heavy fella called him a red son-of-a- bitch. An Casy says, You don know what youre a-doinV An then this guy smashed im. Ma looked down. She twisted her hands together. Thas what he said You don know what youre doin? Yeah! Ma said, I wisht Granma could a heard. Ma I didn know what I was a-doin, no moren when you take a breath. I didn even know 7 1 was gonna , do it. Its awright. I wisht you didn do it. I wisht you wasn there. But on 53 6 The Grapes of Wrath ing dishwater. Here, she said. Put that there on your face. He laid the warm cloth over his nose and cheek, and winced at the heat. Ala, Im a-gonna go away tonight. I cant go puttin this on you folks. Ma said angrily, Tom! Theys a whole lot I don uner- stan. But goin away aint gonna ease 'us. Its gonna bear us down. And she went on, They was the time when we was on the lan. They was a boundary to us then. OP folks died off, an little fellas come, an w r e was always one thing we was the fambly kinda whole and clear. An now we aint clear no more. I cant get straight. They aint nothin keeps us clear. Al hes a-hankerin an a-jibbitin to go off on his own. An Uncle John is jus a-draggin along. Pas lost his place. He aint the head no more. Were crackin up, Tom. There aint no fambly now. An Rosasharn  She looked around and found the girls wide eyes. She gonna have her baby an they wont be no fambly. I don know. I been a-tryin to keep her goin. Winfiel whats he gonna be, this-a-way? Gettin wild, an Ruthie too like animals. Got nothin to trus. Don go, Tom. Stay an help. O.K., he said tiredly. O.K. I shouldn, though. I know it. Ma went to her dishpan and washed the tin plates and dried them. You didn sleep. No. Well, you sleep. I seen your clothes was wet. Ill hang em by the stove to dry. She finished her work. Im goin now. Ill pick. Rosasharn, if anybody comes, Toms sick, you hear? Don let nobody in. You hear? Rose of Sharon nod ded. Well come back at noon. Get some sleep, Tom. The Grapes of Wrath 537 Maybe we can get outa here tonight. She moved swiftly to him. Tom, you aint gonna slip out? No, Ma. You sure? You wont go? No, Ma. Ill be here. A wright. Member, Rosasharn. She went out and closed the door firmly behind her. Tom lay still and then a wave of sleep lifted him to the edge of unconsciousness and dropped him slowly back and lifted him again. You-Tom! Huh? Yeah! He started awake. He looked over at Rose of Sharon. Her eyes were blazing with resentment. What you want? You killed a fella! Yeah. Not so loud! You wanta rouse somebody? What da I care? she cried. That lady tol me. She says what sins gonna do. She tol me. What chance I got to have a nice baby? Connies gone, an I aint gettin good food. I aint gettin milk. Her voice rose hysterically. An now you kill a fella. What chance that baby got to get bore right? I know-gonna be a freak a freak! I never done no dancin. Tom got up. Sh! he said. Youre gonna get folks in here. I don care. Ill have a freak! I didn dance no hug-dance. He went near to her. Be quiet. You get away from me. It aint the first fella you killed, neither. Her face was growing red with hysteria. Her words blurred. I don wanta look at you. She covered her head with her blanket. Tom heard the choked, smothered cries. He bit his lower Tom dozed on his mattress. A stealthy sound in the room awakened him. His hand crept to the rifle and tightened on 538 The Grapes of Wrath iip and studied the 'floor. And then he went to Pas bed. Under the edge of the mattress the rifle la y, a lever-action Winchester .38, long and heavy. Tom picked it up and dropped the lever to see that a cartridge was in the chamber. He tested the hammer on half-cock. And then he went back to his mattress. He laid the rifle on the floor beside him, stock up and barrel pointing down. Rose of Sharons voice thinned to a whimper. Tom lay down again and covered himself, covered his bruised cheek with the blanket and made a little tunnel to breathe through. He sighed, Jesus, oh, Jesus! Outside, a group of cars went by, and voices sounded. How many men? Jes us three. Whatcha payin? You go to house twenty-five. Numbers right on the door. O.K., mister. Whatcha payin? Two and a half cents.  Why, goddamn it, a man cant make his dinner! Thats what were payin. Theres two hundred men coming from the South thatll be glad to get it. But, Jesus, mister! Go on now. Either take it or go on along. I got no rime to argue. But   Look. I didn set the price. Im just checking you in. If you want it, take it. If you dont, turn right around and go along. Twenty-five, you say? Yes, twenty-five. The Grapes of Wrath 539 the grip. He drew back the covers from his face. Rose of Sharon was standing beside his mattress. What you want? Tom demanded. You sleep, she said. You jus sleep off. Ill watch the door. They wont nobody get in. He studied her face for a moment. O.K., he said, and he covered his face with the blanket again. In the beginning dusk Ma came back to the house. She paused on the doorstep and knocked and said, Its me, so that Tom would not be worried. She opened the door and entered, carrying a bag. Tom awakened and sat up on his mattress. His wound had dried and tightened so that the unbroken skin was shiny. His left eye was drawn nearly shut Anybody come while we was gone? Ma asked. No, he said. Nobody. I see they dropped the price. Howd you know? I heard folks talkin outside. Rose of Sharon looked dully up at Ma. Tom pointed at her with his thumb. She raised hell, Ma. Thinks all the trouble is aimed right smack at her. If Im gonna get her upset like that I oughta go long. Ma turned on Rose of Sharon. What you doin? The girl said resentfully, Howm I gonna have a nice baby with stuff like this? Ma said, Hush! You hush now. I know how youre a-feelin, an I know you cant hep it, but jus keep your mouth shut. She turned back to Tom. Dont pay her no mind, Tom. Its awful hard, an I member how it is. Everthing is a- shootin right at you when youre gonna have a baby, an everthing anybody says is a insult, an everthing against 540 The Grapes of Wrath you. Dont pay no mind. She cant hep it. Its jus the way she feels. I don wanta hurt her. Hush! Jus don talk. She set her bag down on the cold stove. Didn hardly make nothin, she said. I toF you, were gonna get outa here. Tom, try an wrassle me some wood. No you cant. Here, we got ony this one box lef. Break it up. I tol the other fellas to pick up some sticks on the way back. Gonna have mush an a little sugar on. Tom got up and stamped the last box to small pieces. Ma carefully built her fire in one end of the stove, conserving the flame under one stove hole. She filled a kettle with water and put it over the flame. The kettle rattled over the direct fire, rattled and wheezed. How was it pickin today? Tom asked. Ma dipped a cup into her bag of cornmeal. I don wanta talk about it. I was thinkin today how they use to be jokes. I don like it, Tom. We dont joke no more. When theys a joke, its a mean bitter joke, an they aint no fun in it. Fella says today, 'Depression is over. 1 seen a jackrabbit, an they wasnt nobody after him. An another fella says, 'That aint the reason. Cant afford to kill jackrabbits no more. Catch em and milk em an turn em loose. One you seen probly gone dry. Thats how I mean. Aint really funny, not funny like that time Uncle John converted an Injun an brang him home, an that Injun et his way clean to the bottom of the bean bin, an then backslid with Uncle Johns whisky. Tom, put a rag with col water on your face. The dusk deepened. Ma lighted the lantern and hung it on a nail. She fed the fire and poured cornmeal gradually into the hot water. Rosasharn, she said, "can you stir the mush? The Grapes of Wrath 541 Outside there was a patter of running feet. The door burst open and banged against the wall. Ruthie rushed in. Ma! she cried. Ma. WinfieF got a fit! Where? Tell me! Ruthie panted, Got white an fell down. Rt so many peaches he skittered hisself all day. Jus fell down. White! Take me! Ma demanded. Rosasharn, you watch that mush. She went out with Ruthie. She ran heavily up the street behind the little girl. Three men walked toward her in the dusk, and the center man carried Winfield in his arms. Ma ran up to them. Hes mine, she cried. Give im to me. Ill carry im for you, maam. No, here, give im to me. She hoisted the little boy and turned back; and then she remembered herself. I sure thank y a, she said to the men. Welcome, maam. The little fellas purty weak. Looks like he got worms. Ma hurried back, and Winfield was limp and relaxed in her arms. Ma carried him into the house and knelt down and laid him on a mattress. Tell me. Whats the matter? she demanded. He opened his eyes dizzily and shook his head and closed his eyes again. Ruthie said, I tol ya, Ma. He skittered all day. Ever little while. Et too many peaches. Ma felt his head. He aint fevered. But hes white and drawed out. Tom came near and held the lantern down. I know, he said. Hes hungered. Got no strength. Get him a can a milk an make him drink it. Make im take milk on his mush. WinfieF, Ma said. Tell how ya feel. Dizzy, said Winfield, jus a whirlin dizzy. 542 The Grapes of Wrath You never seen sech skitters, Ruthie said importantly. Pa and Uncle John and A1 came into the house. Their arms were full of sticks and bits of brush. They dropped their loads by the stove. Now what?  Pa demanded. Its Winder. He needs some milk. Christ Awmighty! We all need stuff! Ma said, How muchd we make today? Dollar forty-two. Well, you go right overn get a can a milk for Winder. Now whyd he have to get sick? I dont know why, but he is. Now you git! Pa went grumbling out the door. You stirrin that mush? Yeah. Rose of Sharon speeded up the stirring to prove it. A1 complained, God Awmighty, Ma! Is mush all we get after workin till dark? Al, you know we got to git. Take all we got for gas. You know. But, God Awmighty, Ma! A fella needs meat if hes gonna work. Jus you sit quiet, she said. We got to take the bigges thing an whup it fust. An you know what that thing is. Tom asked, Is it about me? Well talk when weve et, said Ma. Al, we got enough gas to go a ways, aint we?  Bout a quarter tank, said Al. I wisht youd tell me, Tom said. After. Jus wait. Keep a-stirrin that mush, you. Here, lemme put on some coffee. You can have sugar on your mush or in your coffee. They aint enough for both. Pa came back with one tall can of milk.  Leven cents, he said disgustedly . The Grapes of Wrath 543 Here! Ma took the can and stabbed It open. She let the thick stream out into a cup, and handed it to Tom. Give that to WinfieF. Tom knelt beside the mattress. Here, drink this. I cant. Fd sick It all up. Leave me be. Tom stood up. He cant take it now, Ma. Wait a little. Ma took the cup and set It on the window ledge. Dont none, of you touch that, she warned. Thats for WinfieF  I aint had no milk, Rose of Sharon said sullenly. I oughta have some. I know, but youre still on your feet. This here little fellas down. Is that mush good an thick? Yeah. Cant hardly stir it no more. A wright, les eat. Now heres the sugar. Theys about one- spoon each. Have It on ya mush or in ya coffee. Tom said, I kinda like salt an pepper on mush. Salt her if you like, Ma said. The peppers out. The boxes were all gone. The family sat on the mattresses to eat their mush. They served themselves again and again, until the pot was nearly empty. Save some for WinfieF, Ma said. Winfield sat up and drank his milk, and instantly he was ravenous. He put the mush pot between his legs and ate what was left and scraped at the crust on the sides. Ma poured the rest of the canned milk in a cup and sneaked it to Rose of Sharon to drink secretly in a corner. She poured the hot black coffee into the cups and passed them around. Now will you tell whats goin on?  Tom asked. I wanta hear. Pa said uneasily, I wisht Ruthie an WinfieF didn hafta hear. Cant they go outside? Ma said, No. They got to act growed up, even if they 544 The Grapes of Wrath aint. Theys no help for it. Ruthie you an Winfiel aint ever to say what you hear, else youll jus break us to pieces. We wont, Ruthie said. Were growed up. Well, jus be quiet, then. The cups of coffee were on the floor. The short thick flame of the lantern, like a stubby but- terflys wing, cast a yellow gloom on the walls. Now tell, said Tom. Ma said, Pa, you tell. Uncle John slupped his coffee. Pa said, Well, they dropped the price like you said. An they was a whole slew a new pickers so goddamn hungry theyd pick for a loaf a bread. Go for a peach, an somebodyd get it first. Gonna get the whole crop picked right off. Fellas runnin to a new tree. I seen fights one fella claims its his tree, n other fella wants to pick off n it. Brang these here folks from as fars El Centro. Hungriern hell. Work all day for a piece a bread. I says to the checker, 'We cant work for two an a half cents a box, an he says,  Go on, then, quit. These fellas can. I says, c Soons they get fed up they wont. An he says, 'Hell, well have these here peaches in fore they get fed up.  Pa stopped. She was a devil, said Uncle John. They say theys two hunderd more men cornin in tonight. Tom said, Yeah! But how about the other? Pa was silent for a while. Tom, he said, looks like you done it. I kinda thought so. Couldn see. Felt like it. Seems like the people aint talkin bout much else, said Uncle John. They got posses out, an theys fellas talkin up a lynchin course when they catch the fella. Tom looked over at the wide-eyed children. They seldom blinked their eyes. It was as though they were afraid some- The Grapes of Wrath 545 thing might happen in the split second of darkness. Tom said, Well this fella that done it, he ony done it after they killed CasyT Pa interrupted, That aint the way theyre tellin it now. Theyre sayin he done it fust. Toms breath sighed out, Ah-h! Theyre workin up a feelin against us folks. Thats what 1 heard. All them drum-corpse fellas an lodges an all that Say theyre gonna get this here fella. They know what he looks like? Tom asked. Well not exactly but the way I heard it, they think he  got hit. They think hell have   Tom put his hand up slowly and touched his bruised cheek. Ma cried, It aint so, what they say! Easy, Ma, Tom said. They got it cold. Anything them drum-corpse fellas say is right if its against us. Ma peered through the ill light, and she watched Toms face, and particularly his lips. You promised, she said. Ma, I maybe this fella oughta go away. If this fella done somepin wrong, maybe hed think, O.K. Les get the hangin over. I done wrong an I got to take it. But this fella didn do nothin wrong. He don feel no worsen if he killed a skunk. Ruthie broke in, Ma, me an WinfieF knows. He don have to go this-fellain for us. Tom chuckled. Well, this fella don want no hangin, "cause hed do it again. An same time, he dont aim to bring trouble down on his folks. Ma I got to go. Ma covered her mouth with her fingers and coughed to clear her throat. You cant, she said. They wouldn be no way to hide out You couldn trus nobody. But you can trus 546 The Grapes of Wrath us. We can hide you, an we can see you get to eat while your face gets well. But, Ma   She got to her feet. You aint goin. Were a-takin you. Al, you back the truck against the door. Now, I got it fig- gered out. Well put one mattress on the bottom, an then Tom gets quick there, an we take another mattress an sort of fold it so it makes a cave, an hes in the cave; and then we sort of wall it in. He can breathe out the end, ya see. Dont argue. Thats what well do. Pa complained, Seems like the man aint got no say no more. Shes jus a heller. Come time we get settled down, Im- a-gonna smack her. Come that time, you can, said Ma. Roust up, Al. Its dark enough. Al went outside to the truck. He studied the matter and backed up near the steps. Ma said, Quick now. Git that mattress in! Pa and Uncle John flung it over the end gate. Now that one. They tossed the second mattress up. Now Tom, you jump up there an git under. Hurry up. Tom climbed quickly, and dropped. He straightened one mattress and pulled the second on top of him. Pa bent it up- wards, stood it sides up, so that the arch covered Tom. He could see out between the side-boards of the truck. Pa and Al and Uncle John loaded quickly, piled the blankets on top of Toms cave, stood the buckets against the sides, spread the last mattress behind. Pots and pans, extra clothes, went in loose, for their boxes had been burned. They were nearly finished loading when a guard moved near, carrying his shot- gun across his crooked arm. Whats goin on here? he asked. 547 The Grapes of Wrath Were goin out, said Pa. What for? Well-we got a job offered-good job. Yeah? Wheres it at? Why down by Weedpatch. Lets have a look at you  He turned a flashlight in Pas face, in Uncle Johns, and in Als. Wasnt there another fella with you? A1 said, You mean that hitch-hiker? Little short fella with a pale face? Yeah. 1 guess thats what he looked like. We jus picked him up on the way in. He went away this mornin when the rate dropped. What did he look like again? Short fella. Pale face. Was he bruised up this mornin? I didn see nothin, said AL Is the gas pump open? Yeah, till eight  Git in, A1 cried. If were gonna get to Weedpatch fore mornin we gotta ram on. Gettin in front, Ma? No, Ill set in back, she said. Pa, you set back here too. Let Rosasharn set in front with A1 an Uncle John. Give me the work slip, Pa, said AL Ill get gas an change if I can. The guard watched them pull along the street and turn left to the gasoline pumps. Put in two, said AL You aint goin far  No, not far. Can I get change on this here work slip? Well I aint supposed to. Look, mister, A1 said. We got a good job offered if we get there tonight. If we dont, we miss out. Be a good fella. 548 The Grapes of Wrath Well, O.K. Yon sign her over to me.  A1 got out and walked around the nose of the Hudson. Sure I will, he said. He unscrewed the water cap and filled the radiator. Two, you say? Yeah, two. Which way you goin? South. We got a job. Yeah? jobs is scarce reglar jobs. We got a frien, A1 said. Jobs all waitin for us. Well, so long. The truck swung around and bumped over the dirt street into the road. The feeble headlight jiggled over the way, and the right headlight blinked on and off from a bad connection. At every jolt the loose pots and pans in the truck-bed jangled and crashed. Rose of Sharon moaned softly. Feel bad? Uncle John asked. Yeah! Feel bad all a time. Wisht I could set still in a nice place. Wisht we was home an never come. Connie Vouldn a went away if we was home. He would a studied up an got someplace. Neither A1 nor Uncle John answered her. They were embarrassed about Connie. At the white painted gate to the ranch a guard came to the side of the truck. Coin out for good? Yeah, said Al. Coin north. Got a job. The guard turned his flashlight on the truck, turned it up Into the tent. Ma and Pa looked stonily down into the glare. O.K. The guard swung the gate open. The truck turned left and moved toward 10 1 , the great north-south highway. Know where were a-goin? Uncle John asked. No, said AL Jus goin, an gettin goddamn sick of it. The Grapes of Wrath 549 I aint so turble far from my time, Rose of Sharon said threateningly. They better be a nice place for me. The night air was cold with the first sting of frost. Beside the road the leaves were beginning to drop from the fruit trees. On the load, Ma sat with her back against the truck side, and Pa sat opposite, facing her. Ma called, You all right, Tom? His muffled voice came back, Kinda tight in here. We all through the ranch? You be careful, said Ma. Might git stopped. Tom lifted up one side of his cave. In the dimness of the 'truck the pots jangled. I can pull her down quick, he said.  Sides, I don like gettin trapped in here. He rested up on his elbow, By God, shes gettin cold, aint she? Theys clouds up, said Pa. Fellas says its gonna be an early winter. ? Squirrels a-buildin high, or grass seeds? Tom asked. By God, you can tell weather from anythin. I bet you could find a fella could tell weather from a old pair of under- drawers. I dunno, Pa said. Seems like its gittin on winter to me. Fella d have to live here a long time to know. Which way we a-goin? Tom asked. I dunno. Al, he turned off lef. Seems like hes goin back the way we come. Tom said, I cant figger whats best. Seems like if we get on the main highway theyll be more cops. With my face this-a-way, theyd pick me right up. Maybe we oughta keep to back roads. Ma said, Hammer on the back. Get Al to stop. Tom pounded the front board with his fist; the truck 5J0 The Grapes of Wrath pulled to a stop on the side of the road. A1 got out. and walked to the back. Ruthie and Winfield peeked out from under their blanket. What ya want? A1 demanded. Ma said, We got to figger what to do. Maybe we better keep on the back roads. Tom says so. Its my face, Tom added.  Anybody d know. Any copd know me. . Well, which way you wanta go? 1 figgered north. We been south. Yeah, said Tom, but keep on back roads. AI asked, How bout pullin off an catchin some sleep,  goin on tomorra? Ma said quickly, Not yet. Les get some distance fust. O.K. A1 got back in his seat and drove on. Ruthie and Winfield covered up their heads again. Ma called, Is WinfieT all right? Sure, hes awright, Ruthie said. He been sleepin. Ma leaned back against the truck side. Gives ya a funny feelin to be hunted like. Im gittin mean. Everbodys gittin mean, said Pa. Everbody. You seen chat fight today. Fella changes. Down that govment camp we wasn mean. Ai turned right on a graveled road, and the yellow lights shuddered over the ground. The fruit trees were gone now, and cotton plants took their place. They drove on for twenty miles through the cotton, turning, angling on the country roads. The road paralleled a bushy creek and turned over a concrete bridge and followed the stream on the other side. And then, on the edge of the creek the lights showed a long line of red boxcars, wheelless; and a big sign on the edge of the road said, Cotton Pickers Wanted. AI slowed down. . ..  '-4,yav' The Grapes of Wrath 551 Tom peered between the side-bars of the truck. A quarter ol a mile past the boxcars Tom hammered on the car again. AJ stopped beside the road and got out again. Now what ya want? Shut off the engine an climb up here, Tom said. A1 got into the seat, drove off into the ditch, cut lights and engine. He climbed over the tail gate. Awright, he said. Tom crawled over the pots and knelt in front of Ma. Look, he said. It says they want cotton pickers. I seen that sign. Now I been tryin to figger how Im gonna stay with you, an not make no trouble. When my face gets well, ' maybe itll be awright, but not now. Ya see them cars back there. Well, the pickers live in them. Now maybe theys work there. How about if you get work there an live in one of them cars?  How bout you? Ma demanded. Well, you seen that crick, all full a brush. Well, I could hide in that brush an keep outa sight. An at night you could bring me out somepin to eat, I seen a culvert, little ways back. I could maybe sleep in there. Pa said, By God, Id like to get my hands oh some cotton! Theres work, I unerstan. Them cars might be a purty place to stay, said Ma. Nice an dry. You think theys enough brush to hide in, Tom? Sure. I been watchin. I could fix up a little place, hide away. Soons my face gets well, why, Id come out. You gonna scar purty bad, said Ma. Hell! Everbody got scars. I picked four hunderd pouns oncet Pa said.  Courses it was a good heavy crop. If we all pick, we could get som money. 55 2 The Grapes of Wrath Could get some meat, said AL Whatll we do right now? Go back there, an sleep in the truck till mornin, Pa said. Git work in the mornin. I can see them bolls even in the dark. How bout Tom? Ma asked. Now you jus forget me, Ma. Ill take me a blanket. You look out on the way back. Theys a nice culvert. You can bring be some bread or potatoes, or mush, an just leave it there. Ill come get it. Well! Seems like good sense to me, said Pa. It is good sense, Tom insisted. Soons my face gets a little better, why, Ill come out an go to pickin. Well, awright, Ma agreed. But don you take no chancet. Don let nobody see you for a while. Tom crawled to the back of the truck. Ill jus take this here blanket. You look for that culvert on the way back, Ma. p Take care, she begged. You take care. i Sure, said Tom. Sure I will. He climbed the tail board, stepped down the bank. Good night, he said. Ma watched his figure blur with the night and disappear into the bushes beside the stream. Dear Jesus, I hope its awright, she said. A1 asked, You want I should go back now? Yeah, said Pa. Go slow, said Ma. I wanta be sure an see that culvert he said about. I got to see that. A1 backed and filled on the narrow road, until he had re- versed his direction. He drove slowly back to the line of box- cars. The truck lights showed the cat-walks up to the wide The Grapes of Wrath SSI ear doors. The doors were dark. No one moved In the night. A1 shut off his lights. Yon and Uncle John climb np back, he said to Rose oi Sharon. Ill sleep in the seat here  Uncle John helped the heavy girl to climb np over the tail board. Ma piled the pots in a small space. The family lay wedged close together in the back of the truck. A baby cried, in long jerking cackles, in one of the box- cars. A dog trotted out, sniffing and snorting, and moved slowly around the Joad truck. The tinkle of moving water came from the streambed. Chapter Twenty-Seven C OTTON Pickers Wanted placards on the road, handbills out, orange-colored handbills -Cotton Pickers Wanted. Here, up this road, it says. The dark green plants stringy now, and the heavy bolls clutched in the pod. White cotton spilling out like popcorn. Like to get our hands on the bolls. Tenderly, with the fingertips. Im a good picker. Heres the man, right here. I aim to pick some cotton. Got a bag? Well, no, I aint. Cost ya a dollar, the bag. Take it out o your first hunderd and fifty. Eighty cents a hunderd first time over the field. Ninety cents second time over. Get your bag there. One dollar. F you aint got the buck, well take it out of your first hunderd and fifty. Thats fair, and you know it. Sure its fair. Good cotton bag, last all season. An when shes wore out, draggin, turn er aroun, use the other end. Sew up the open end. Open up the wore end. And when both ends is gone, why, thats nice cloth! Makes a nice pair a summer drawers. Makes nightshirts. And well, hell-a cot- ton bags a nice thing. ESI SJ4 vET eggfefs  4 The Grapes of Wrath 555 Hang it around your waist. Straddle it, drag it between your legs. She drags light at first. And your fingertips pick out the fluff, and the hands go twisting into the sack between your legs. Kids come along behind; got no bags for the kids use a gunny sack or put it in your oF mans bag. She hangs heavy, some, now. Lean forward, hoist er along. Fm a good hand with cotton. Finger-wise, boll-wise. Jes move along talkin, an maybe singin till the bag gets heavy. Fingers go right to it. Fingers know. Eyes see the work and dont see it. Talkin across the rows  They was a lady back home, wont mention no names had a nigger kid all of a sudden. Nobody knowed before.. Never did hunt out the nigger. Couldn never hold up her head no more. But I started to tell she was, a good picker. Now the bag is heavy, boost it along. Set your hips and tow it along, like a work horse. And the kids pickin into the old mans sack. Good crop here. Gets thin in the low places, thin and stringy. Never seen no cotton like this here Cali- fornia cotton. Long fiber, bes damn cotton I ever seen. Spoil the lan pretty soon. Like a fella wants to buy some cotton lan Don buy her, rent her. Then when shes cottoned on down, move someplace new. Lines of people moving across the fields. Finger- wise. In- quisitive fingers snick in and out and find the bolls. Hardly have to look. Bet I could pick cotton if I was blind. Got a feelin for a cotton boll. Pick clean, clean as a whistle. Sacks full now. Take her to the scales. Argue. Scale man says you got rocks to make weight. How bout him? His scales is fixed. Sometimes hes right, you got rocks in the sack. Sometimes youre right, the scales is crooked. Some- times both; rocks an crooked scales. Always argue, always 556 The Grapes of Wrath fight. Keeps your head up. An his head up. Whats a few rocks? Jus one, maybe. Quarter pound? Always argue. Back with the empty sack. Got our own book. Mark in the weight. Got to. If they know youre markin, then they dont cheat. But God hep ya if ya don keep your own weight. This is good work. Kids runnin aroun. Heard bout the cotton-pickin machine? Yeah, I heard. Think itll ever come? Well, if it comes fella says itll put han pickin out. Come night. All tired. Good pickin, though. Got three dollars, me an the oh woman an the kids. The cars move to the cotton fields. The cotton camps set up. The screened high trucks and trailers are piled high with white fluff. Cotton clings to the fence wires, and cotton rolls in little balls along the road when the wind blows. And clean white cotton, going to the gin. And the big, lumpy bales standing, going to the compress. And cotton clinging to your clothes and stuck to your whiskers. Blow your nose, theres cotton in your nose. Hunch along now, fill up the bag fore dark. Wise fingers seeking in the bolls. Hips hunching along, dragging the bag. Kids are tired, now in the evening. They trip over their feet in the cultivated earth. And the sun is going down. Wisht it would last. It aint much money, God knows, but I wisht it would last. On the highway the old cars piling in, drawn by the hand- bills. Got a cotton bag? No. Cost ya a dollar, then. The Grapes of Wrath 557 If they was ony fifty of us, we could stay awhile, but theys five hunderd. She wont last hardly at all I knowed a fella never did git his bag paid out. Ever job he got a neW. bag, an ever fiel was done fore he got his weight. Try for Gods sake ta save a little money! Winters conn- in fast. They aint no work at all in California in the winter- Fill up the bag fore its dark. I seen that fella put two clods in. Well, hell. Why not? Im jus balancin the crooked scales Now heres my book, three hunderd an twelve pouns. Right! Jesus, he never argued! His scales mus be crooked. Well thats a nice day anyways. They say a thousan men are on their way to this field Well be fightin for a row tomorra. Well be snatchin cot- ton, quick. Cotton Pickers Wanted. More men picking, quicker to th gin. Now into the cotton camp. Side-meat tonight, by God! We got money for side-meat! Stick out a han to the little fella, hes wore out. Run in ahead an git us four poun of side-meat. The ol womanll males mme nice biscuits tonight, ef she aint too tired. HM I Chapter Twenty-Eight T HE boxcars, twelve of them, stood end to end on a little flat beside the stream. There were two rows of six each, the wheels removed. Up to the big sliding doors slatted planks ran for cat-walks. They made good houses, water-tight and draftless, room for twenty-four families, one family in each end of each car. No windows, but the wide doors stood open. In some of the cars a canvas hung down in the center of the car, while in others only the position of the door made the boundary. The Joads had one end of an end ear. Some previous occu- pant had fitted up an oil can with a stovepipe, had made a hole in the wall for the stovepipe. Even with the wide door open, it was dark in the ends of the car. Ma hung the tarpau- lin across the middle of the car. Its nice, she said. Its almost nicer than anything we had cept the govxnent camp. Each night she unrolled the mattresses on the floor, and each morning rolled them up again. And every day they went into the fields and picked the cotton, and every night they had meat. On a Saturday they drove into Tulare, and they bought a tin stove and new overalls for A1 and Pa and Winfield and Uncle John, and they bought a dress for Ma and gave Mas best dress to Rose of Sharon. Shes so big, Ma said. Jus a waste of good money to get her  new dress now. 558 The Grapes of Wrath 59 The Joads had been lucky. They got in early enough to have a place in the boxcars. Now the tents of the late-comers filled the little flat, and those who had the boxcars were old' timers, and in a way aristocrats. The narrow stream slipped by, out of the willows, and back into the willows again. From each car a hard-beaten path went down to the stream. Between the cars the clothes lines hung, and every day the lines were covered with drying clothes. In the evening they walked back from the fields, carrying their folded cotton bags under their arms. They went into the store which stood at the crossroads, and there were many pickers in the store, buying their supplies. How much today? Were doin fine. We made three and a half today. Wisht shed keep up. Them kids is gettin to be good pickers. Mas worked em up a little bag for each. They couldn tow a growed-up bag. Dump into ours. Made bags outa a couple old shirts. Work fine. And Ma went to the meat counter, her forefinger pressed against her lips, blowing on her finger, thinldng deeply, Might get some pork chops, she said. How much? Thirty cents a pound, maam. Well, lemme have three pouns. An a nice piece a boilin 5 beef. My girl can cook it tomorra. An a bottle a milk for my girl. She dotes on milk. Gonna have a baby. Nurse-lady to! her to eat lots a milk. Now, les see, we got potatoes. Pa came close, carrying a can of sirup in his hands. Might get this here, he said. Might have some hotcakes  Ma frowned. Well-well, yes. Here, well take this here. Now we got plenty lard     Ruthie came near, in her bands two large boxes of Cracker 56 o The Grapes of Wrath Jack, in her eyes a brooding question, which on a nod or a hake of Mas head might become tragedy or joyous excite- ment. Ma? She held up the boxes, jerked them up and down to make them attractive. Now you put them back   The tragedy began to form in Ruthies eyes. Pa said Theyre ony a nickel apiece. Them little fellas worked good today. Well The excitement began to steal into Ruthies eyes. Awright. Ruthie turned and fled. Halfway to the door she caught Winfield and rushed him out the door, into the evening. Uncle John fingered a pair of canvas gloves with yellow leather palms, tried them on and took them off and laid them down. He moved gradually to the liquor shelves, and he stood studying the labels on the bottles. Ma saw him, Pa, she said, and motioned with her head toward Uncle John. Pa lounged over to him. Gettin thirsty, John? No, I aint. Jus wait till cottons done, said Pa. Then you can go on a hell of a drunk.  Taint sweatin me none, Uncle John said. Fm workin hard an sleepin good. No dreams nor nothin. Jus seen you sort of droolin out at them bottles. I didn hardly see em. Funny thing. I wanta buy stuff. Stuff I dont need. Like to git one a them safety razors. Thought Id like to have some a them gloves over there. Awful cheap. Cant pick no cotton with gloves, said Pa. I know that. An I don ? t need no safety razor, neither. Stuff settin out there, you jus feel like buyin it whether you need it or not. The Grapes of Wrath 561 Ma called, Come on. We got everthing. She carried a bag. Uncle John and Pa each took a package. Outside Ruthie and Winfield were waiting, their eyes strained, their cheeks puffed and full of Cracker Jack. Wont eat no supper, I bet, Ma said. People streamed toward the boxcar camp. The tents were lighted. Smoke poured from the stovepipes. The Joads climbed up their cat-walk and into their end of the boxcar. Rose of Sharon sat on a box beside the stove. She had a fire started, and the tin stove was wine-colored with heat. Did ya get milk? she demanded. Yeah. Right here. Give it to. me. I aint had any sence noon. She thinks its like medicine. That nurse-lady says so. You got potatoes ready? Right there-peeled. Well fry em, said Ma. Got pork chops. Cut up them potatoes in the new fry pan. And thow in a onion. You fellas go out an wash, an bring in a bucket a water. Wheres Ruthie an WinfieF? They oughta wash. They each got Cracker Jack, Ma told Rose of Sharon. Each got a whole box. The men went out to wash in the stream. Rose of Sharon sliced the potatoes into the frying pan and stirred them about with the knife point. Suddenly the tarpaulin was thrust aside. A stout perspir- ing face looked in from the other end of the car. Howd you all make out, Mis Joad? Ma swung around. Why, evenin, Mis Wainwright. We done good. Three an a half. Three fifty-seven, exact. We done four dollars. 562 The Grapes of Wrath Well, said Ma.  Course theys more of you. Yeah. Jonas is growin up. Havin pork chops, I see. 5 Winfield crept in through the door. Ma! Hush a minute. Yes, my men jus loves pork chops. Fm cookin bacon, said Mrs. Wainwright. Can yon smell it cookin? No cant smell it over these here onions in the potatoes. Shes burnin! Mrs. Wainwright cried, and her head jerked back. Ma, Winfield said. What? You sick from Cracker Jack? Ma-Ruthie tol ToF what?  Bout Tom. Ma stared. ToF? Then she knelt in front of him. Win- fieF, whod she tell? Embarrassment seized Winfield. He backed away. Well, she ony toF a little bit. WinfieF! Now you tell what she said. She she didn eat all her Cracker Jack. She kep some, an she et jus one piece at a time, slow, like she always done, an bhe says, Bet you wisht you had some lef WinfieF! Ma demanded. You tell now. She looked back nervously at the curtain. Rosasharn, you go over talk to Mis Wainwright so she don listen. How bout these here potatoes? Fll watch em. Now you go. I don want her listenin at that curtain. The girl shuffled heavily down the car and went around the side of the hung tarpaulin. Ma said, Now, WinfieF, you tell.  Like I said, she et jus one little piece at a time, an' she bust some in two so itd las longer. 563 The Grapes of Wrath Go on, hurry up. Well, some kids come aroun, an course they tried to get some, but Ruthie, she jus nibbled an nibbled, an wouidif give em none. So they got mad. An 5 one kid grabbed her Cracker Jack box. ' WinfieF, you tell quick about the other. I am, he said. a So Ruthie got mad an chased em, an she fit one, an then she fit another, an then one big girl up an licked her. Hit er a good one. So then Ruthie cried, an she said shed git her big brother, an hed kill that big girl. An that big girl said, Oh, yeah? Well, she got a big brother too. Winfield was breathless in his telling. So then they fit, an that big girl hit Ruthie a good one, an Ruthie said her brother d kill that big girls brother. An that big girl said how about if her brother kilt our brother. An then -an then, Ruthie said our brother already kilt two fellas. An an that big girl said, 'Oh, yeah! Youre jus a little smarty liar. An Ruthie said, Oh, yeah? Well, our brothers a-hidin right now from killin a fella, an he can kill that big girls brother too. An then they called names an Ruthie throwed a rock, an that big girl chased her, an I come home. Oh, my! Ma said wearily. Oh! My dear sweet Lord Jesus asleep in a manger! What we goin to do now? She put her forehead in her hand and rubbed her eyes. What we gonna do now? A smell of burning potatoes came from the roaring stove. Ma moved automatically and turned them. Rosasharn! Ma called. The girl appeared around the curtain. Come watch this here supper. WinfieF, you go out an you fin Ruthie an bring her back here. Gonna whup her, Ma? he asked hopefully. No. This here you couldn do nothin about. Why, I 564 The Grapes of Wrath wonder, did she haf to do it? No. It wont do no good to whup her. Run now, an find her an bring her back. Winfield ran for the car door, and he met the three men tramping up the cat-walk, and he stood aside while they came in. Ma said softly, Pa, I got to talk to you. Ruthie tol some kids how Toms a-hidin. What? She tol. Got in a fight an tol. Why, the little bitch! No, she didn know what she was a-doin. Now look, Pa. I want you to stay here. Im goin out an try to fin Tom an tell him. I got to tell im to be careful. You stick here, Pa, an kinda watch out for things. Ill take im some dinner. Awright, Pa agreed. Don you even mention to Ruthie what she done. Ill tell her. At that moment Ruthie came in, with Winfield behind her. The little girl was dirtied. Her mouth was sticky, and her nose still dripped a little blood from her fight. She looked shamed and frightened. Winfield triumphantly followed her. Ruthie looked fiercely about, but she went to a corner of the car and put her back in the corner. Her shame and fierceness were blended. I toF her what she done, Winfield said. Ma was putting two chops and some fried potatoes on a tin plate. Hush, WinfieF, she said. They aint no need to hurt her feelings no moren what theyre hurt. Ruthies body hurtled across the car. She grabbed Ma around the middle and buried her head in Mas stomach, and her strangled sobs shook her whole body. Ma tried to loosen The Grapes of Wrath 565 her, but the grubby fingers clung tight. Ma brushed the hair on the back of her head gently, and she patted her shoulders. Hush, she said. You didn know. Ruthie raised her dirty, tear-stained, bloody face. They stoled my Cracker Jack! she cried. That big son-of-a- bitch of a girl, she belted me She went off into hard cry- ing again. Hush! Ma said. Don talk like that. Here. Let go. Fm a-goin now. Whynt ya whup her, Ma? If she didnt git snotty with her Cracker Jack twouldn a happened. Go on, give her a whup. You jus min your business, mister, Ma said fiercely. Youll git a whup yourself. Now leggo, Ruthie. Winfield retired to a rolled mattress, and he regarded the family cynically and dully. And he put himself in a good position of defense, for Ruthie would attack him at the first opportunity, and he knew it. Ruthie went quietly, heart- brokenly to the other side of the car. Ma put a sheet of newspaper over the tin plate. Fm a-goin now, she said. Aint you gonna eat nothin yourself? Uncle John de- manded. Later. When I come back. I wouldn want nothin now. Ma walked to the open door; she steadied herself down the steep, cleared cat-walk. On the stream side of the boxcars, the tents were pitched close together, their guy ropes crossing one another, and the pegs of one at the canvas line of the next. The lights shone through the cloth, and all the chimneys belched smoke. Men and women stood in the doorways talking. Children ran 5 66 The Grapes of Wrath feverishly about. Ma moved majestically down the line of tents. Here and there she was recognized as she w r ent by. Evenin, Mis Joad Evenin. Takin somepin out, Mis Joad? Theys a frien. Im takin back some bread. She came at last to the end of the line of tents. She stopped and looked back. A glow of light was on the camp, and the soft overtone of a multitude of speakers. Now and then a harsher voice cut through. The smell of smoke filled the air. Someone played a harmonica softly, trying for an effect, one phrase over and over. Ma stepped in among the willows beside the stream. She moved off the trail and waited, silently, listening to hear any possible follower. A man walked down the trail toward the camp, boosting his suspenders and buttoning his jeans as he went. Ma sat very still, and he passed on without seeing her. She waited five minutes and then she stood up and crept on up the trail beside the stream. She moved quietly, so quietly that she could hear the murmur of the water above her soft steps on the willow leaves. Trail and stream swung to the left and then to the right again until they neared the high- way. In the gray starlight she could see the embankment and the black round hole of the culvert where she always left Toms food. She moved forward cautiously, thrust her pack- age into the hole, and took back the empty tin plate which was left there. She crept back among the willows, forced her way into a thicket, and sat down to wait. Through the tangle she could see the black hole of the culvert. She clasped her knees and sat silently. In a few moments the thicket crept to life again. The field mice moved cautiously over the leaves. A skunk padded heavily and unself-consciously down the The Grapes of Wrath 567 trail, carrying a faint effluvium with him. And then a wind stirred the willows delicately, as though it tested them, and a shower of golden leaves coasted down to the ground. Sud- denly a gust boiled in and racked the trees, and a cricking downpour of leaves fell. Ma could feel them on her hair and on her shoulders. Over the sky a plump black cloud moved, erasing the stars. The fat drops of rain scattered down, splashing loudly on the fallen leaves, and the cloud moved on and unveiled the stars again. Ma shivered. The wind blew past and left the thicket quiet, but the rushing of the trees went on down the stream. From back at the camp came the thin penetrating tone of a violin feeling about for a tune. Ma heard a stealthy step among the leaves far to her left and she grew tense. She released her knees and strsighteneo her head, the better to hear. The movement stopped, and after a long moment began again. A vine rasped harshly on the dry leaves. Ma saw a dark figure creep into the open and draw near to the culvert. The black round hole was obscured for a moment, and then the figure moved back. She called softly, Tom! The figure stood still, so still, so low to the ground that it might have been a- stump. She called again, Tom, oh, Tom! Then the figure moved. That you, Ma? Right over here. She stood up and went to meet him. You shouldn of came, he said. I got to see you, Tom. I got to talk to you. Its near the trail, he said. Somebody might come by. Aint you got a place, Tom? Yeah-but if-well, spose somebody seen you with me- whole famblyd be in a jam. I got to, Tom. Then come along. Come quiet. He crossed the littb 568 The Grapes of Wrath stream, wading carelessly through the water, and Ma fol- lowed him. He moved through the brush, out into a field on the other side of the thicket, and along the plowed ground. The blackening stems of the cotton were harsh against the ground, and a few fluffs of cotton clung to the stems. A quarter of a mile they went along the edge of the field, and then he turned into the brush again. He approached a great mound of wild blackberry bushes, leaned over and pulled a mat of vines aside. You got to crawl in, he said. Ma went down on her hands and knees. She felt sand under her, and then the black inside of the mound no longer touched her, and she felt Toms blanket on the ground. He arranged the vines in place again. It was lightless in the cave. Where are you, Ma? Here. Right here. Talk soft, Tom. Dont worry. I been livin like a rabbit some time. She heard him unwrap his tin plate. Pork chops, she said. And fry potatoes. God Awmighty, an still warm. Ma could not see him at all in the blackness, but she could hear him chewing, tearing at the meat and swallowing. Its a pretty good hide-out, he said. Ma said uneasily, Tom Ruthie toF about you. She heard him gulp. Ruthie? What for? Well, it wasn her fault. Got in a fight, an 5 says her brotherll lick that other girls brother. You know how they do. An she tol that her brother killed a man an was hidin. Tom was chuckling. With me I was always gonna get Uncle John after em, but he never would do it. Thats jus kid talk, Ma. Thats awright. No, it aint, Ma said. Them kidsll tell It aroun an 1 The Grapes of Wrath 569 then the folksll hear, an theyll tell aroun, an pretty soon, well, they liable to get men out to look, jus in case. Tom, you got to go away. Thats what I said right along. I was always scared some- bodyd see you put stuff in that culvert, an then theyd watch. I know. But I wanted you near. I was scared for you. I aint seen you. Cant see you now. Hows your face? Gettin well quick. Come dost, Tom. Let me feel it. Come dost. He crawled near. Her reaching hand found his head in the black- ness and her fingers moved down to his nose, and then over his left cheek. You got a bad scar, Tom. An your nose is all crooked. Maybe thas a good thing. Nobody wouldnt know me, maybe. If my prints wasnt on record, Id be glad. He went back to his eating. Hush, she said. Listen! Its the wind, Ma. Jus the wind. The gust poured down the stream, and the trees rustled under its passing. She crawled close to his voice. I wanta touch ya again, Tom. Its like Im blin, its so dark. I wanta remember, even if its ony my fingers that remember. You got to go away, Tom. Yeah! I knowed it from the start. We made purty good, she said. I been squirreiin money away. Hoi out your ban, Tom. I got seven dollars here. I aint gonna take ya money, he said. Ill get long all right. Hoi out ya hari, Tom. I aint gonna sleep none if you got no money. Maybe you got to take a bus, or somepin. i 570 The Grapes of Wrath want you should go a long ways off, three-four hunderd miles. I aint gonna take it. Tom, she said sternly. You take this money. You hear me? You got no right to cause me pain. You aint playin fair, he said. I thought maybe you could go to a big city. Los Angeles, maybe. They wouldn never look for you there. Hm-m, he said. Lookie, Ma. I been all day an all night hidin alone. Guess who I been thinkin about? Casy! He talked a lot. Used ta bother me. But now I been thinkin what he said, an I can remember all of it. Says one time he went out in the wilderness to find his own soul, an he foun he didn have no soul that was hisn. Says he foun he jus got a little piece of a great big soul. Says a wilderness aint no good, cause his little piece of a soul wasnt no good less it was with the rest, an was whole. Funny how I remember. Didn think I was even listenin. But I know now a fella aint no good alone. He was a good man, Ma said. Tom went on, He spouted out some Scripture once, an ;it didn soun like no hell-fire Scripture. He tol it twicet, an !l remember it. Says its from the Preacher. Hows it go, Tom? Goes, Two are better than one, because they have a good eward for their labor. For if they fall, the one will lif up his fellow, but woe to him that is alone when he falleth, for he hath not another to help him up. Thats part of her. Go on, Ma said. Go on, Tom. Jus a little bit more. Again, if two lie together, then they have heat but how can one be warm alone? And if The Grapes of Wrath 571 one prevail against him, two shall withstand him, and a three-fold cord is not quickly broken.  An thats Scripture? Casy said it was. Called it the Preacher. Hush listen. Ony the wind, Ma. I know the wind. An I got to think- in, Ma most of die preachin is about the poor we shall have always with us, an if you got nothin, why, jus foP yom hands an to hell with it, you gonna git ice cream on goP plates when youre dead. An then this here Preacher says two get a better reward for their work. Torn, she said. What you aimin to do? He was quiet for a long time. I been thinkin how it was in that govment camp, how our folks took care a theirselves, an if they was a fight they fixed it theirself; an they wasnt no cops wagglin their guns, but they was better order than them cops ever give. I been a-wonderin why we cant do that all over. Throw out the cops that aint our people. All work together for our own thing all farm our own lan. Tom, Ma repeated, what you gonna do? What Casy done, he said. But they killed him. Yeah, said Tom. He didn duck quick enough. He wasn doing nothin against the law, Ma. I been thinkin a hell of a lot, thinkin about our people livin like pigs, an the good rich lan layin fallow, or maybe one fella with a million acres, while a hunderd thousan good farmers is starvin. An T I been wonderin if all our folks got together an yelled, like them fellas yelled, only a few of em at the Hooper ranch   Ma said, Tom, theyll drive you, an cut you down like they done to young Floyd. 57 2 The Grapes of Wrath They gonna drive me anyways. They drivin all our people. You dont aim to kill nobody, Tom? No. I been thinldn, long as Im a outlaw anyways, maybe I could Hell, I aint thought it out clear, Ma. Don worry me now. Don worry me. They sat silent in the coal-black cave of vines. Ma said, Howm I gonna know bout you? They might kill ya an I wouldn know. They might hurt ya. Howm I gonna know?  Tom laughed uneasily, Well, maybe like Casy says, a fella aint got a soul of his own, but ony a piece of a big one an then  Then what, Tom? Then it don matter. Then Ill be all aroun in the dark. Ill be everwhere wherever you look. Wherever theys a fight so hungry people can eat, Ill be there. Wherever theys a cop bearin up a guy, Ill be there. If Casy knowed, why, Ill be in the way guys yell when theyre mad an Ill be in the way kids laugh when theyre hungry an they know suppers ready. An when our folks eat the stuff they raise an live in the houses they build why, Ill be there. See? God, Im talkin like Casy. Comes of thinkin about him so much. Seems like I can see him sometimes. I don unerstan, Ma said. I don really know. Me neither, said Tom. Its jus stuff I been thinkin about. Get thinkin 5 a lot when you aint movin aroun. You got to get back, Ma. You take the money then. He was silent for a moment. A wright, he said. An, Tom, later when its olowed over, youll come back. Youll find us? The Grapes of Wrath 573 Sure, he said. Now you better go. Here, gimme your hanV He guided her toward the entrance. Her fingers clutched his wrist. He swept the vines aside and followed her out. Go up to the field till you come to a sycamore on the edge, an then cut acrost the stream. Good-by. Good-by, she said, and she walked quickly away. Her eyes were wet and burning, but she did not cry. Her foot- steps were loud and careless on the leaves as she went through the brush. And as she went, out of the dim sky the rain began to fall, big drops and few, splashing on the dry leaves heavily. Ma stopped and stood still in the dripping thicket. She turned about took three steps back toward the mound of vines; and then she turned quickly and went back toward the boxcar camp. She went straight out to the cul- vert and climbed up on the road. The rain had passed now, but the sky was overcast. Behind her on the road she heard footsteps, and she turned nervously. The blinking of a dim flashlight played on the road. Ma turned back and started for home. In a moment a man caught up with her. Politely, he kept his light on the ground and did not play it in her face. Evenin, he said. Ma said, Howdy. Looks like we might have a little rain. I hope not. Stop the pickin. We need the pickin. I need the pickin too. You live at the camp there? Yes, sir. Their footsteps beat on the road together. I got twenty acres of cotton. Little late, but its ready now. Thought Id go down and try to get some pickers. Youll get em awright. Seasons near over. Hope so. My place is only a mile up that way. Six of us, said Ma. Three men an me an two little fellas." 574 The Grapes of Wrath Ill put out a sign. Two miles this road. Well be there in the mornin. I hope it dont rain. Me too, said Ma. Twenty acres won las long. The less it lasts the gladder IT1 be. My cottons late. Didn get it in till late. What you payin, mister? Ninety cents. Well pick. I hear fellas say nex year itll be seventy-five or even sixty. Thats what I hear. Theyll be trouble, said Ma. Sure. I know. Little fella like me cant do anything. The Association sets the rate, and we got to mind. If we dont we aint got a farm. Little fella gets crowded all the time. They came to the camp. Well be there, Ma said. Not much pickin lef She went to the end boxcar and climbed the cleated walk. The low light of the lantern made gloomy shadows in the car. Pa and Uncle John and an elderly man squatted against the car wall. Hello, Ma said. Evenin, Mr. Wain wright. He raised a delicately chiseled face. His eyes were deep under the ridges of his brows. His hair was blue-white and fine. A patina of silver beard covered his jaws and chin. Evenin, maam, he said. We got pickin tomorra, Ma observed. Mile north. Twenty acres. Better take the truck, I guess, Pa said. Get in more pickin. Wainwright raised his head eagerly. Spose pick? ;  , we can The Grapes of Wrath 575 "Why, sure. I walked a piece with the fella. He was cornin' to get pickers. Cottons nearly gone. Party thin, these here seconds, Gonna be hard to make a wage. on the seconds. Got he.? pretty clean the fust time. Your folks could maybe ride with us, Ma said. Split the gas. Well thats frienly of you, maam. Saves us both, said Ma. Pa said, Mr. Wain wright hes got a worry he come to us about. We was a-talkin her over. Whats the matter? Wain wright looked down at the floor. Our Aggie, he aid. Shes a big girl near sixteen, an growed up. Aggies a pretty girl, said Ma. Listen im out, Pa said. Well, her an your boy Al, theyre a-walkin out ever night. An Aggies a good healthy girl that oughta have a husban, else she might git in trouble. We never had no trouble in our family. But what with us bein so poor off, now, Mis Wainright an me, we got to worryin. Spose she got in trouble? Ma rolled down a mattress and sat on it. They out now? she asked. Always out, said Wainwright. Ever night. Hm. Well, Als a good boy. Kinda Aggers hes a dung-hill rooster these days, but hes a good steady boy. I couldn want for a better boy. Oh, we aint complainin about Al as a fella! We like him. But what scares Mis Wainwright an me well, shes a growed-up woman-girl. An what if we go away, or you go j6 The Grapes of Wrath away, an we find out Aggies in trouble? We aint had no shame in our family. Ma said softly, u Well try an see that we dont put no shame on you. He stood up quickly. Thank you, maam. Aggies a growed-up woman-girl. Shes a good girl jes as nice an good. Well sure thank you, maam, if youll keep shame from us. It aint Aggies fault. Shes growed up. Pall talk to Al, said Ma. Or if Pa wont, I will. Wainwright said, Good night, then, an we sure thank ya. He went around the end of the curtain. They could hear him talking softly in the other end of the car," explaining the result of his embassy. Ma listened a moment, and then, You fellas, she said. Come over an set here. Pa and Uncle John got heavily up from their squats. They sat on the mattress beside Ma. Wheres the little fellas? Pa pointed to a mattress in the comer. Ruthie, she jumped Winfiel an bit im. Made em both lay down. Guess theyre asleep. Rosasharn, she went to set with a lady she knows. Ma sighed. I foun Tom, she said softly. I sent im away. Far off. Pa nodded slowly. Uncle John dropped his chin on his chest. Couldn do nothin else, Pa said. Think he could, John? Uncle John looked up. I cant think nothin out, he said. Dont seem like Im hardly awake no more. Toms a good boy, Ma said; and then she apologized, I didn mean no harm a-sayin Id talk to AL tc I know, Pa said quietly. I aint no good any more. The Grapes of Wrath 577 Spen all my time a-thinkin how it use ta be. Spen all my time thinkin of home, an I aint never gonna see it no more. This heres purtier-better lan, said Ma. I know. I never even see it, thinkin how the willows las its leaves now. Sometimes figgerin to mend that hole in the south fence. Funny! Woman talcin over the fambly. Woman sayin well do this here, an well go there. An I don even care. Woman can change bettern a man, Ma said soothingly. Woman got all her life in her arms. Man got it all in his head. Don you mind. Maybe well, maybe nex year we can get a place. We got nothin, now, Pa said. Cornin a long time no work, no crops. What we gonna do then? How we gonna git stuff to eat? An I tell you Rosasharn aint so far from due. Git so I hate to think. Go diggin back to a oP time to keep from thinkin. Seems like our lifes over an done. No, it aint, Ma smiled. It aint, Pa. An thats one more thing a woman knows. I noticed that. Man, he lives in jerks- baby born an a man dies, an thats a jerk gets a farm an loses his farm, an thats a jerk. Woman, its all one flow, like a stream, little eddies, little waterfalls, but the river, it goes right on. Woman looks at it like that. We aint gonna die out. People is goin on changin a little, maybe, but goin right on. How can you tell? Uncle John demanded. Whats to keep everthing from stoppin; all the folks from jus gittin tired an layin down? Ma considered. She rubbed the shiny back of one hand with the othei the fingers of we , pushed the fingers of her right hand between her left. Hard to say, she said. Everthing 578 The Grapes of Wrath way to me. Even gettin hungry even bein sick; some die, but the rest is tougher, jus try to live the day, jus the day. Uncle John said, If ony she didn die that time   Jus live the day, Ma said. Don worry yaself. They might be a good year nex year, back home, said Pa. Ma said, Listen! There were creeping steps on the cat-walk, and then A1 came in past the curtain. Hullo, he said. I thought youd be sleepin by now. Al, Ma said, Were a-talkin. Come set here. Sure O.K. I wanta talk too. Ill hafta be goin away . pretty soon now. You cant. We need you here. Why you got to go away?, Well, me an Aggie Wainwright, we figgers to get mar- ried, an Im gonna git a job in a garage, an well have a rent house for a while, an He looked up fiercely. Well, we are, an they aint nobody can stop us! They were staring at him. Al, Ma said at last, were glad. Were awful glad. You are? Why, course we are. Youre a growed man. You need a wife. But don go right now, AL I promised Aggie, he said. We got to go. We cant staif this no more. Jus stay till spring, Ma begged. Jus till spring. Wont you stay till spring? Whod drive the truck? Well   Mrs. Wainwright put her head around the curtain. You heard yet? she demanded. Yeah! Jus heard. '  'Tvy The Grapes of Wrath 579 a Oh, my! I wisht I wisht we had a cake. I wisht we had a cake or somepin. a Fll set on some coffee an make up some pancakes, Ma said. We got sirup. Oh, my! Mrs. Wainwright said. Why well. Look, Ill bring some sugar. Well put sugar in them pancakes. Ma broke twigs into the stove, and the coals from the dinner cooking started them blazing. Ruthie and Winfield came out of their bed like hermit crabs from shells. For a moment they were careful; they watched to see whether they were still criminals. When no one noticed them, they grew bold. Ruthie hopped all the way to the door and back on one foot, without touching the wall. Ma was pouring flour into a bowl when Rose of Sharon climbed the cat-walk. She steadied herself and advanced cau- tiously. Whats a matter? she asked. Why, its news! Ma cried. Were gonna have a little party count a A 1 an Aggie Wainwright is gonna get mar- ried. Rose of Sharon stood perfectly still She looked slowly at Al, who stood there flustered and embarrassed. Mrs. Wainwright shouted from the other end of the car, Im puttin a fresh dress on Aggie. Ill be right over. Rose of Sharon turned slowly. She went back to the wide door, and she crept down the cat- walk. Once on the ground, she moved slowly toward the stream and the trail that went beside it. She took the way Ma had gone earlier into the willows. The wind blew more -steadily now, and the bushes whished steadily. Rose of Sharon went down on her knees and crawled deep into the brush. The berry vines cut her face and pulled at her hair, but she didnt mind. Only when she felt the bushes touching her all over did she stop. She 580 The Grapes of Wrath stretched out on her back. And she felt the weight of the baby inside of her. In the lightless car, Ma stirred, and then she pushed the blanket back and got up. At the open door of the car the gray starlight penetrated a little. Ma walked to the door and stood looking out. The stars were paling in the east. The wind blew softly over the willow thickets, and from the little stream came the quiet talking of the water. Most of the camp was still asleep, but in front of one tent a little fire burned, and people were standing about it, warming them- selves. Ma could see them in the light of the new dancing fire as they stood facing the flames, rubbing their hands; and then they turned their backs and held their hands behind them. For a long moment Ma looked out, and she held her hands clasped in front of her. The uneven wind whisked up and passed, and a bite of frost was In the air. Ma shivered and rubbed her hands together. She crept back and fumbled for the matches, beside the lantern. The shade screeched up. She lighted the wick, watched it bum blue for a moment and then put up its yellow, delicately curved ring of light. She carried the lantern to the stove and set It down while she broke the brittle dry willow twigs into the fire box. In a moment the fire was roaring up the chimney. Rose of Sharon rolled heavily over and sat up. Til git right up, she said. Whynt you lay a minute till it warms? Ma asked. No, IT1 git. Ma filled the coffee pot from the bucket and set it on the stove, and she put on the frying pan, deep with fat, to get hot for the pones. Whats over you? she said softly. The Grapes of Wrath 581 Fm a-goin out, Rose of Sharon said. Out where? Coin 5 out to pick cotton. . You can't, Masaid. Youre too far along. No, I aint. An Fm a-goin. Ma measured coffee into the water. Rosasharn, you wasnt to the pancakes las night. The girl didnt answer. What you wanta pick cotton for? Still no answer. Is it cause of A1 an Aggie? This time Ma looked closely at her daughter. Oh. Well, you don need to pick. Im goln. . Awright, but don you strain yourself. Git up, Pa! Wake up, git up! ; Pa blinked and yawned. Aint slep out, he moaned. Musta been on to eleven oclock when we went down. Come on, git up, all a you, an wash. The inhabitants of the car came slowly to life, squirmed up out of the blankets, writhed into their clothes. Ma sliced salt pork into her second frying pan. Git out an wash, she commanded. A light sprang up in the other end of the car. And there came the sound of the breaking of twigs from the Wain- wright end. Mis Joad, came the call. Were gettin ready. Well be ready. A1 grumbled, What we got to be up so early for? Its ony twenty acres, Ma said. Got to get there. Aint much cotton lef . Got to be there fore shes picked. Ma rushed them dressed, rushed the breakfast into them. Come on, drink your coffee, she said. Got to start. We cant pick no cotton in the dark, Ma. We can be there when it gets light. 582 The Grapes of Wrath Maybe its wet. Dicin rain enough. Come on now, drink your coffee. Ah soons youre through, better get the engine runnin. She called, You near ready, Mis Wainwright?  Jus earin. Be ready in a minute. Outside, the camp had come to life. Fires burned in front of the tents. The stovepipes from the boxcars spurted smoke, A1 tipped up his coffee and got a mouthful of grounds. Fie went down the cat- walk spitting them out. Were awready, Mis Wainwright, Ma called. She turned to Rose of Sharon. She said, You got to stay. The girl set her jaw. Im a-goin, she said. Ma, I got to  go- Well, you got no cotton sack. You cant pull no sack. Ill pick into your sack. I wisht you wouldn. 1 m a-gom . Ma sighed. Ill keep my eye on you. Wisht we could have a doctor. Rose of Sharon moved nervously about the car. She put on a light coat and took it off. Take a blanket, Ma said. Then if you wanta res, you can keep warm. They heard the truck motor roar up behind the boxcar. We gonna be first out, Ma said exultantly. A wright, get your sacks. Ruthie, don you forget them shirts I fixed for you to pick in. _ Wainwrights and Joads climbed into the truck in the dark. The dawn was coming, but it was slow and pale. Turn lef, Ma told Al. Theyll be a sign out where were goin. They drove along the dark road. And other cars followed them, and behind, in the camp, the cars were being started, the families piling in; and the cars pulled out on the highway and turned left. The Grapes of Wrath  583 A piece of cardboard was tied to a mailbox 00 the right- hand side of the road, and on it, printed with blue crayon. Cotton Pickers Wanted. AI turned into the entrance and drove out to the barnyard. And the barnyard was full of cats already. An electric globe on the end of the white bam lighted a group of men and women standing near the scales, their bags rolled under their arms. Some of the women wore the bags over their shoulders and crossed in front. We aint so early as we thought, said Al. Pie pulled the track against a fence and parked. The families climbed down and went to join the waiting group, and more cars came in from the road and parked, and more families joined the group. Under the light on the barn end, the owner signed them in. Hawley?; he said. PI-a-w- 1 -e-v? How many? Four. Will   Will Benton   Benton. Amelia   Amelia. Claire   Claire. Whos next? Carpenter? How many?  Six. He wrote them in the book, with a space left for the weights. Got your bags? I got a few. Cost you a dollar.' And the  cars poured into the yard. The owner pulled his sheep-lined leather jacket up around his throat. Pie looked at the driveway apprehensively. This twenty isnt gonna take long to pick with all these people, he said. Children were climbing into the big cotton trailer, digging their toes into the chicken-wire sides. Git off there, the 584 The Grapes of Wrath owner cried. Come on down. Youll tear that wire loose. 5 And the children climbed slowly down, embarrassed and silent. The gray dawn came. Ill have to take a tare for dew, the owner said. Change it when the sun comes out. All right, go out when you want. Light enough to see. The people moved quickly out into the cotton field and took their rows. They tied the bags to their waists and they slapped their hands together to warm stiff fingers that had to be nimble. The dawn colored over the eastern hills, and the wide line moved over the rows. And from the highway the cars still moved in and parked in the barnyard until it was full, and they parked along the road on both side's. The wind blew briskly across the field. I dont know how you all found out, the owner said. There must be a hell of a grape- vine. The twenty wont last till noon. What name? Hume? How many? The line of people moved out across the field, and the strong steady west wind blew their clothes. Their fingers flew to the spilling bolls, and flew to the long sacks growing heavy behind them. Pa spoke to the man in the row to his right. Back home we might get rain out of a wind like this. Seems a little mite frosty for rain. How long you been out here?  He kept his eyes down on his work as he spoke. His neighbor didnt look up. I been here nearly a year. Would you say it was gonna rain? Cant tell, an that aint no insult, neither. Folks that lived here all their life cant tell. If the rain can git in the way of a crop, itll rain. Thas what they say out here. Pa looked quickly at the western hills. Big gray clouds ivere coasting over the ridge, riding the wind swiftly. Them looks like rain-heads   he said. The Grapes of Wrath 585 His neighbor stole a squinting look. Cant tell, he said. And all down the line of rows the people looked back at the clouds. And then they bent lower to their work, and their hands flew to the cotton. They raced at, the picking, raced against time and cotton weight, raced against the rain and against each other-only so much cotton to pick, only so much money to be made. They came to the other side of the field and ran to get a new row. And now they faced into the wind, and they could see the high gray clouds moving over the sky toward the rising sun. And more cars parked along the roadside, and new pickers came to be checked in. The line of people moved frantically across the field, weighed at the end, marked their cotton, checked the weights into their own books, and ran for new rows. At eleven oclock the field was picked and the work was done. The wire-sided trailers were hooked on behind wire- sided trucks, and they moved out to the highway and drove away to the gin. The cotton fluffed out through the chicken wire and little clouds of cotton blew through the air, and rags of cotton caught and waved on the weeds beside the road. The pickers clustered disconsolately back to the barn- yard and stood in line to be paid off. Hume, James. Twenty-two cents. Ralph, thirty cents. Joad, Thomas, ninety cents. Winfield, fifteen cents. The money lay in rolls, silver and nickels and pennies. And each man looked in his own book as he was being paid. Wain- wright, Agnes, thirty-four cents, Tobin, sixty-three cents. The line moved past slowly. The families went back to their cars, silently. And they drove slowly away. Joads and Wainwrights waited in the truck for the drive- . way to clear. And as they waited, the first drops of rain be- gan to fall. A1 put his hand out of the cab to feel them. Rose 5 86 The Grapes of Wrath of Sharon sat in the middle, and Ma on the outside. The girls eyes were lusterless again. You shouldn of came, Ma said. You didn pick moren ten-fifteen pounds. Rose of Sharon looked down at her great bulging belly, and she didnt reply. She shivered sud- denly and held her head high. Ma, watching her closely, un- rolled her cotton bag, spread it over Rose of Sharons shoul- ders, and drew her close. At last the way was clear. A1 started his motor and drove out into the highway. The big infrequent drops of rain lanced down and splashed on the road, and as the truck moved along, the drops became smaller and closer. Rain pounded on the cab of the truck so loudly that it could be heard over the pounding of the old worn motor. On the truck bed the Wainwrights and Joads spread their cotton bags over their heads and shoulders. Rose of Sharon shivered violently against Mas arm, and Ma cried, Go faster, Al. Rosasharn got a chill. Gotta get her feet in hot water. Al speeded the pounding motor, and when he came to the boxcar camp, he drove down close to the red cars. IVla was spouting orders before they were well stopped. Al, she commanded, you an John an Pa go into the willows an elect all the dead stuff you can. We got to keep warm.  Wonder if the roof leaks. No, I don think so. Be nice an dry, but we got to have wood. Got to keep warm. Take Ruthie an Winfiel too. They can get twigs. This here girl aint well. Ma got out, and Rose of Sharon tried to follow, but her knees buckled  and she sat down heavily on the running board. Fat Mrs. Wainwright saw her. Whats a matter? Her time come? The Grapes of Wrath 587 No, I don think so, said Ma. Got a chill. Maybe took col. Gimme a han, will you? The two women supported Rose of Sharon. After a few steps her strength came back her legs took her weight. Im awright, Ma, she said. It was jus a minute there. The older women kept hands on her elbows. Feet in hot water, Ma said wisely. They helped her up the cat-walk and into the boxcar. You rub her, Mrs. Wainwright said. Ill get a far goin. She used the last of the twigs and built up a blaze in the stove. The rain poured now, scoured at the roof of the car. Ma looked up at it. Thank God we got a tight roof, she said. Them tents leaks, no matter how good. Jus put on a little water, Mis Wainwright. Rose of Sharon lay still on a mattress. She let them take off her shoes and rub her feet. Mrs. Wainwright bent over her. You got pain? she demanded. No. Jus don feel good. Jus feel bad. I got pain killer an salts, Mrs. Wainwright said. Youre welcome to em if you want em. Perfecly welcome. The girl shivered violently. Cover me up, Ma. Im col. Ma brought all the blankets and piled them on top of her. The rain roared down on the roof. Now the wood-gatherers returned, their arms piled high with sticks and their hats and coats dripping. Jesus, shes wet, Pa said. Soaks you in a minute. Ma said, Better go back an get more. Bums up awful quick. Be dark purty soon. Ruthie and Winfield dripped in and threw their sticks on the pile. They turned to go again. You stay, Ma ordered. Stan up close to the fire an get 588 The Grapes of Wrath The afternoon was silver with rain, the roads glittered with water. Hour by hour the cotton plants seemed to blacken and shrivel. Pa and A1 and Uncle John made trip after trip into the thickets and brought back loads of dead wood. They piled it near the door, until the heap of it nearly reached the ceiling, and at last they stopped and walked toward the stove. Streams of water ran from their hats to their shoulders. The edges of their coats dripped and their shoes squished as they walked. Awright, now, get , off them clothes, Ma said. I got some nice coffee for you fellas. An you got dry overhalls to put on. Don stan there. The evening came early. In the boxcars the families hud- dled together, listening to the pouring water on the roofs. Chapter Twenty-Nine O VER the high coast mountains and over the valleys the gray clouds marched in from the ocean. The wind blew fiercely and silently, high in the air and it swished in the brush, and it roared in the forests. The clouds came in brokenly, in puffs, in folds, in gray crags; and , they piled in together and settled low over the west. And then the wind stopped and left the clouds deep and solid. The rain began with gusty showers, pauses and downpours; and then gradually it settled to a single tempo, small drops and a steady beat, rain that was gray to see through, rain that cut midday light to evening. And at first the dry earth sucked the moisture down and blackened. For two days the earth drank the rain, until the earth was full. Then puddles formed, and in the low places little lakes formed in the fields. The muddy lakes rose higher, and the steady rain whipped the shining water. At last the mountains were full, and the hill- sides spilled into the streams, built them to freshets, and sent them roaring down the canyons into the valleys. The rain beat on steadily. And the streams and the little rivers edged up to the bank sides and worked at willows and tree roots, bent the willows deep in the current, cut out the roots of cottonwoods and brought down the trees. The muddy water whirled along the bank sides and crept up the banks until at last it spilled over, into the fields, into the orchards, into th cotton patches where the black stems stood. Level fields be- came lakes, broad and gray, and the rain whipped up the sun fife 590 The Grapes of Wrath faces. Then the water poured over the highways, and cars moved slowly, cutting the water ahead, and leaving a boiling muddy wake behind. The earth whispered under the beat of the rain, and the streams thundered under the churning freshets. When the first rain started, the migrant people huddled in their tents, saying, Itll soon be over, and asking, How longs it likely to go on? And when the puddles formed, the men went out in the rain with shovels and built little dikes around the tents. The beating rain worked at the canvas until it penetrated and sent streams down. And then the little dikes washed 1 ' out and the water came inside, and the streams wet the beds and the blan- kets. The people sat in wet clothes. They set up boxes and put planks on the boxes. Then, day and night, they sat on the planks. Beside the tents the old cars stood, and water fouled the ignition wires and water fouled the carburetors. The little gray tents stood in lakes. And at last the people had to move. Then the cars wouldnt start because the wires were shorted; and if the engines would run, deep mud engulfed the wheels. And the people waded away, carrying their wet blankets in their arms. They splashed along, carrying the children, car- rying the very old, in their arms. And if a barn stood on high ground, it was filled with people, shivering and hopeless. Then some went to the relief offices, and they came sadly back to their own people. Theys rules you got to be here a year before you can git relief. They say the govment is gonna help. They don know when. .T'T -i-; ..T" And gradually the greatest terror of all came along. They aint gonna oe no kinda work for three months. The Grapes of Wrath 591 In the barns, the people sat huddled together; and the ter- ror came over them, and their faces were gray with terror. The children cried with hunger, and there was no food. Then the sickness came, pneumonia, and measles that went to the eyes and to the mastoids. And the rain fell steadily, and the water flowed over the highways, for the culverts could not carry the water. Then from the tents, from the crowded barns, groups o i sodden men went out, their clothes slopping rags, their shoes muddy pulp. They splashed out through the water, to the towns, to the country stores, to the relief offices, to beg for food, to cringe and beg for food, to beg for relief, to try to steal, to lie. And under the begging, and under the cringing, a hopeless anger began to smolder. And in the little towns pity for the sodden men changed to anger, and anger at the hungry people changed to fear of them. Then sheriffs swore in deputies in droves, and orders were rushed for rifles, for tear gas, for ammunition. Then the hungry men crowded the alleys behind the stores to beg for bread, to beg for rotting vegetables, to steal when they could. Frantic men pounded on the doors of the doctors; and the doctors were busy. And sad men left word at country stores for the coroner to send a car. The coroners were not too busy. The coroners wagons backed up through the mud and took out the dead. And the rain pattered relentlessly down, and the streams broke their banks and spread out over the country. Huddled under sheds, lying in wet hay, the hunger and the fear bred anger. Then boys went out, not to beg, but to steal; and men went out weakly, to try to steal. The sheriffs swore in new deputies and ordered new rifles; and the comfortable people in tight houses felt pity at first, mm 592 The Grapes of Wrath and then distaste, and finally hatred for the migrant people. In the wet hay of leaking bams babies were born to women who panted with pneumonia. And old people curled up in comers and died that way, so that the coroners could not straighten them. At night the frantic men walked boldly to hen roosts and carried off the squawking chickens. If they were shot at, they did not run, but splashed sullenly away; and if they were hit, they sank tiredly in the mud. The rain stopped. On the fields the water stood, reflecting the gray sky, and the land whispered with moving water. And the men came out of the barns, out of the sheds. They squatted on their hams and looked out over the flooded land. And they were silent. And sometimes they talked very quietly. No work till spring. No work. And if no work-no money, no food. Fella had a team of horses, had to use em to plow an cul- tivate an mow, wouldri think a turnin em out to starve when they wasnt workin. Thems horses were men. The women watched the men, watched to see whether the break had come at last. The women stood silently and watched. And where a number of men gathered together, the fear went from their faces, and anger took its place. And the women sighed with relief, for they knew it was all right- the break had not come; and the break would never come as long as fear could turn to wrath. Tiny points of grass came through the earth, and in a few days the hills were pale green with the; beginning year  Chapter Thirty I N THE boxcar camp the water stood in puddles, and the rain splashed in the mud. Gradually the little stream crept up the bank toward the low flat where the boxcars stood. On the second day of the rain A1 took the tarpaulin down  from the middle of the car. He carried it out and spread it on the nose of the truck, and he came back into the car and sat down on his mattress. Now, without the separation, the two families in the car were one. The men sat together, and their spirits were damp. Ma kept a little fire going in the stove, kept a few twigs burning, and she conserved her wood. The rain poured down on the nearly flat roof of the boxcar. On the third day the Wainwrights grew restless. Maybe we better go long, Mrs. Wainwright said. And Ma tried to keep them. Whered you go an be sure of a tight roof? I dunno, but I got a feelin we oughta go along. They j argued together, and Ma watched Al. Ruthie and Winfield tried to play for a while, and then j they too relapsed into sullen inactivity, and the rain diummed down on the roof. On the third day the sound of the stream could be heard j above the drumming rain. Pa and Uncle John stood in the j open door and looked out on the rising stream. At both ends of the camp the water ran near to the highway, but at the i cam p it looped away so that the highway embankment sur- f 593 mm 594 The Grapes of Wrath rounded the camp at the back and the stream closed It In oi the front. And Pa said, Hows it look to you, John? Seems to me if that crick comes up, shell flood us. Uncle John opened his mouth and rubbed his bristling chin. Yeah, he said. Might at that. Rose of Sharon was down with a heavy cold, her face flushed and her eyes shining with fever. Ma sat beside her with a cup of hot milk. Here, she said. Take this here. Got bacon grease in it for strength. Here, drink It!  Rose of Sharon shook her head weakly. I aint hungry. Pa drew a curved line in the air with his finger. If we was all to get our shovels an throw up a bank, I bet we could keep her out. Ony have to go from up there down to there. Yeah, Uncle John agreed. Might. Dunno if them other fellasd wanta. Theyd maybe ruther move somewhere else. But these here cars is dry, Pa insisted. Couldn find no dry place as good as this. You wait. From the pile of brush in the car he picked a twig. Fie ran down the cat-walk, splashed through the mud to the stream and he set his twig upright on the edge of the swirling water. In a moment he was back in the car. Jesus, ya get wet through, he said. Both men kept their eyes on the little twig on the waters edge. They saw the water move slowly up around it and creep up the bank. Pa squatted down in the doorway. Cornin up fast, he said. I think we oughta go talk to the other fellas. See if theyll help ditch up. Got to git outa here if they wont. Pa looked down the long car to the Wain- wright end. A1 was with them, sitting beside Aggie. Pa walked into their precinct. Waters risin, he said. How about if we thro wed up a bank? We could do her if ever body helped. The Grapes of Wrath 595 Wainwright said, We was jes talkin. Seems like we oughta be gettin outa here. Pa said, You been aroun. You know what chaneet we got a gettin a dry place to stay, I know. But jes 9 the same   A1 said, Pa, if they go, Fm a-goin too  Pa looked startled. You cant, Al. The truck We aint fit to drive that truck. I don care. Me an Aggie got to stick together. Now you wait, Pa said. Come on over here. Wain wright and Al got to their feet and approached the dooi See? Pa said, pointing. Jus a bank from there an down to there. He looked at his stick. The water swirled about it now, and crept up the bank. Be a lot a work, an then she might come over anyways, Wainwright protested. Well, we aint doin nothin, mights well be workin. We aint gonna find us no nice place to live like this. Come on, now. Les go talk to the other fellas. We can do her if ever- body helps. Al said, If Aggie goes, Im a-goin too. Pa said, Look, Al, if them fellas wont dig, then well all hafta go. Come on, les go talk to em. They hunched their shoulders and ran down the cat-walk to the next car and up the walk into its open door. Ma was at the stove, feeding a few sticks to the feeble flame. Ruthie crowded close beside her. Fm hungry Ruthie whined. No, you aint, Ma said. You had good mush. Wisht I had a box a Cracker Jack. There aint nothin to do. Aint no fun 596 The Grapes of Wrath Theyll be fun, Ma said. You jus wait. Be fun purty soon. Git a house an a place, purty soon. Wisht we had a dog, Ruthie said. Well have a dog; have a cat, too. Yella cat? Dont bother me, Ma begged. Dont go plaguin me now, Ruthie. Rosasharns sick. Jus you be a good girl a little while. Theyll be fun. Ruthie wandered, complaining, away. From the mattress where Rose of Sharon lay covered up there came a quick sharp cry, cut off in the middle. Ma whirled and went to her. Rose of Sharon was holding her breath and her eyes were filled with terror. What is it? Ma cried. The girl expelled her breath and caught it again. Suddenly Ma put her hand under the covers. Then she stood up. Mis Wainwright, she called. Oh, Mis Wainwright! The fat little woman came down the car. Want me? Look! Ma pointed at Rose of Sharons face. Her teeth were clamped on her lower lip and her forehead was wet with perspiration, and the shining terror was in her eyes. I think its come, Ma said. Its early. The girl heaved a great sigh and relaxed. She released her lip and closed her eyes. Mrs. Wainwright bent over her. Did it kinda grab you all over-quick? Open up an an- swer me. Rose of Sharon nodded weakly. Mrs. Wainwright turned to Ma. Yep, she said. Its come. Early, ya say? Maybe the fever brang it. Well, she oughta be up on her feet. Oughta be walkin aroun . She cant, Ma said. She aint got the strength. Well, she oughta. Mrs. Wainwright grew quiet and stem with efficiency. I heped with lots, she said. Come The Grapes of Wrath 597 on, les close that door, nearly. Keep out the draf . The two women pushed on the heavy sliding door, boosted it along until only a foot was open. Til git our lamp, too, Mrs. Wainwright said. Her face was purple with excitement. Aggie, she called. You take care of these here little fellas. Ma nodded, Thas right. Ruthie! You an WinfieP go down with Aggie. Go on now. Why? they demanded.  Cause you got to. Rosasharn gonna have her baby. I wanta watch, Ma. Please let me. Ruthie! You git now. You git quick. There was no argu- ment against such a tone. Ruthie and Winfield went reluc- tantly down the car. Ma lighted the lantern. Mrs, Wain- wright brought her Rochester lamp down and set it on the floor, and its big circular flame lighted the boxcar brightly, Ruthie and Winfield 'Stood behind the brush pile and peered over. Gonna have a baby, an were a-gonna see, Ruthie said softly. Dont you make no noise now. Ma wont let us watch. If she looks this-a-way, you scrunch down behin the brash. Then well see. There aint many kids seen it, Winfield said. There aint no kids seen it, Ruthie insisted proudly. Ony us. Down by the mattress, in the bright light of the lamp, Ma and Mrs. Wainwright held conference. Their voices were raised a little over the hollow beating of the rain. Mrs. Wairn wright took a paring knife from her apron pocket and slipped it under the mattress. Maybe it dont do no good, she said apologetically. Our folks always done it. Dont do no harm, anywaysY Ma nodded. We used a plow point. I guess anything 598 The Grapes of Wrath sharpll work, long as it can cut birth pains. I hope it aint gonna be a long one. You feelin awright now? Rose of Sharon nodded nervously. Is it a-comin? Sure, Ada said. Gonna have a nice baby. You jus got to help us. Feel like you could get up an walk? I can try. Thats a good girl, Mrs. Wainwright said. That is a good girl. Well hep you, honey. Well walk with ya. They helped her to her feet and pinned a blanket over her shoul- ders. Then Ma held her arm from one side, and Mrs. Wain- wright from the other. They walked her to the brush pile and turned slowly and walked her back, over and over; and the rain drummed deeply on the roof. Ruthie and Winfield watched anxiously. Whens she goin to have it? he demanded. Sh! Dont draw em. We wont be let to look. Aggie joined them behind the brush pile. Aggies lean face and yellow hair showed in the lamplight, and her nose was long and sharp in the shadow of her head on the wall. Ruthie whispered, You ever saw a baby bore? Sure, said Aggie. Well, whens she gonna have it? Oh, not for a long, long time. Well, how long? Maybe not fore tomorrow mornin. Shucks! said Ruthie. Aint no good watchin now, then. Oh! Look! The walking women had stopped. Rose of Sharon had stiffened, and she whined with pain. They laid her down on the mattress and wiped her forehead while she grunted and clenched her fists. And Ma talked softly to her. Easy, Ma The Grapes of Wrath 599 said. Gonna be ail right all right. Jus grip ya hans. Now, then, take your lip inta your teeth. Thas good thas good. The pain passed on. They let her rest awhile, and then helped her up again, and the three walked back and forth, back and forth between the pains. Pa stuck his head in through the narrow opening. His hat dripped with water. What ya shut the door for? he asked. And then he saw the walking women. Ma said, Her times come. Then then we couldn go f we wanted to. No. Then we got to buiF that bank. You got to. Pa sloshed through the mud to the stream. His marking stick was four inches down. Twenty men stood in the rain. Pa cried, We got to build her. My girl got her pains. The men gathered about him. Baby? Yeah. We cant go now. A tall man said, It aint our baby. We kin go. Sure, Pa said. You can go. Go on. Nobodys stoppin' you. Theys only eight shovels. He hurried to the lowest part of the bank and drove his shovel into the mud. The shovelful lifted with a sucking sound. He drove it again, and threw the mud into the low place on the stream bank. And beside him the other men ranged themselves. They heaped the mud up in a long embankment, and those who had no shovels cut live willow whips and wove them in a mat and kicked them into the bank. Over the men came a fury of work, a fury of battle. When one man dropped his shovel, another took it up. They had shed their coats and hats. Their shirts and trousers clung tightly to their bodies, their shoes 6oo The Grapes of Wrath were shapeless blobs of mud. A shrill scream came from the oad car. The men stopped, listened uneasily, and then plunged to work again. And the little levee of earth extended until it connected with the highway embankment on either end. They were tired now, and the shovels moved more slowly. And the stream rose slowly. It edged above the place where the first dirt had been thrown. Pa laughed in triumph. Shed come over if we hadn a built up! he cried. The stream rose slowly up the side of the new wall, and tore at the willow mat. Higher! Pa cried. We got to git her higher! The evening came, and the work went on. And now the men were beyond weariness. Their faces were set and dead. They worked jerkily, like machines. When it was dark the women set lanterns in the car doors, and kept pots of coffee handy. And the women ran one by one to the Joad car and wedged themselves inside. The pains were coming close now, twenty minutes apart. And Rose of Sharon had lost her restraint. She screamed fiercely under the fierce pains. And the neighbor women looked at her and patted her gently and went back to their own cars. Ma had a good fire going now, and all her utensils, filled with water, sat on the stove to heat. Every little while Pa looked in the car door. All right? he asked. Yeah! I think so, Ma assured him. As it grew dark, someone brought out a flashlight to work by. Uncle John plunged on, throwing mud on top of the wall You take it easy, Pa said. Youll kill yaself. The Grapes of Wrath 601 I cant hep it. I cant stan that yellin. Its like its like when   I know, Pa said. But jus take it easy. Uncle John blubbered, Ill run away. By God, I got to work or Ill run away. Pa turned from him. Hows she stan on the last marker?  The man with the flashlight threw the beam on the stick. The rain cut whitely through the light. Cornin up. Shell come up slower now, Pa said. Got to flood purty far on the other side. She's cornin up, though. The women filled the coffee pots and set them out again. And as the night went on, the men moved slower and slower, and they lifted their heavy feet like draft horses. More mud on the levee, more willows interlaced. The rain fell steadily. When the flashlight turned on faces, the eyes showed staring, and the muscles on the cheeks, were welted out. For a long time the screams continued from the car, and at last they were still. Pa said, Mad call me if it was bore. He went on shovel- ing the mud sullenly. The stream eddied and boiled against the bank. Then, from up the stream there came a ripping crash. The beam of the flashlight showed a great cottonwood toppling. The men stopped to watch. The branches of the tree sank into the water and edged around with the current while the stream dug out the little roots. Slowly the tree was freed, and slowly it edged down the stream. The weary men watched, their mouths hanging open. The tree moved slowly down. Then a branch caught on a stump, snagged and held. And very slowly the roots swung around and hooked themselves on 602 The Grapes of Wrath the new embankment. The water piled up behind The tree moved and tore the bank. A little stream slipped through. Pa threw himself forward and jammed mud in the break. The water piled against the tree. And then the bank washed quickly down, washed around ankles, around knees. The men broke and ran, and the current worked smoothly into the flat, under the cars, under the automobiles. Uncle John saw the water break through. In the murk he could see it. Uncontrollably his weight pulled him down. He went to his knees, and the tugging water swirled about his chest. Pa saw him go. Hey! Whats the matter? He lifted him to his feet. You sick? Come on, the cars is high. - Uncle John gathered his strength. I dunno, he said apologetically. Legs give out. Jus give out. Pa helped him along toward the cars. When the dike swept out, A1 turned and ran. His feet moved heavily. The water was about his calves when he reached the truck. He flung the tarpaulin off the nose and jumped into the car. He stepped on the starter. The engine turned over and over, and there was no bark of the motor. He choked the engine deeply. The battery turned the sodden motor more and more slowly, and there was no cough. Over and over, slower and slower. A1 set the spark high. He felt under the seat for the crank and jumped out. The water was higher than the running board. He ran to the front end. Crank case was under water now. Frantically he fitted the crank and twisted around and around, and his clenched hand on the crank splashed in the slowly flowing water at each turn. At last his frenzy gave out. The motor was full of water, the battery fouled by now. On slightly higher ground two cars were started and their lights on. They floundered in The Grapes of Wrath 603 the mud and dug their wheels down until finally the drivers cut off the motors and sat still, looking into the headlight beams. And the rain whipped white streaks through the lights. A1 went slowly around the truck, reached in, and turned off the ignition. When Pa reached the cat- walk, he found the lower end floating. He stepped it down into the mud, under water. Think ya can make it awright, John? he asked. Til be awright. Jus go on. Pa cautiously climbed the cat-walk and squeezed himself in the narrow opening. The two lamps were turned low. Ma sat on the mattress beside Rose of Sharon, and Ma fanned her still face with a piece of cardboard. Mrs. Wainwright poked dry brush into the stove, and a dank smoke edged out around the lids and filled the car with a smell of burning tissue. Ma looked up at Pa when he entered, and then quickly down. How is she? Pa asked. Ma did not look up at him again. Awright, I think, Sleepin. The air was fetid and close with the smell of the birth. Uncle John clambered in and held himself upright against the side of the car. Mrs. Wainwright left her work and came to Pa. She pulled him by the elbow toward the comer of the .car. She picked up a lantern and held it over an apple box in the comer. On a newspaper lay a blue shriveled little mummy.  Never breathed, said Mrs. Wainwright softly. Never was alive.  . Uncle John turned and shuffled tiredly down the car to the dark end. The rain whished softly on the roof now, so softly that they could hear Uncle Johns tired sniffling from the dark. 604 The Grapes of Wrath Pa looked tip at Mrs. Wainwright. He took the lantern from her hand and put it on the floor. Ruthie and Winfield were asleep on their own mattress, their arms over their eyes to cut out the light. Pa walked slowly to Rose of Sharons mattress. He tried to squat down, but his legs were too tired. He knelt instead. Ma fanned her square of cardboard back and forth. She looked at Pa for a moment, and her eyes were wide and staring, like a sleepwalkers eyes. Pa said, We done what we could. I know. We worked all night. An a tree cut out the bank. I know. You can hear it under the car. I know. 1 heard it. Think shes gonna be all right? I dunno. Well couldn we of did nothin? Mas lips were stiff and white. No. They was ony one thing to do ever an we done it. We worked till we dropped, an a tree Rains lettin up some. Ma looked at the ceiling, and then down again. Pa went on, compelled to talk. I dunno how high shell rise. Might flood the car. . I know. You know everthing. She was silent, and the cardboard moved slowly back and forth. Did we slip up? he pleaded. Is they anything we could of did? Ma looked at him strangely. Her white lips smiled in a The Grapes of Wrath 605 dreaming compassion. Dont take no blame. Hush! Itll be awright. Theys changes all over. Maybe the water maybe well have to go. When its time to go well go. Well do what we got to do. Now hush. You might wake her. Mrs. Wainwright broke twigs and poked them in the sodden, smoking fire. From outside came the sound of an angry voice. Im goin in an see the son-of-a-bitch myself. And then, just outside the door, AFs voice, Where you think youre goin? Coin in to see that bastard Joad. No, you aint. Whats the matterth you? If he didnt have that fool ideax about the bank, wed u got out. Now our car is dead. You think ours is burnin up the road? Im a-goin in. AFs voice was cold. Youre gonna fight your way in. Pa got slowly to his feet and went to the door. Awright, AL Fm cornin out. Its awright, Al. Pa slid down the cat- walk. Ma heard him say, We got sickness. Come on down here.  The rain scattered lightly on the roof now, and a new- risen breeze blew it along in sweeps. Mrs. Wainwright came from the stove and looked down at Rose of Sharon. Dawn s a-comin soon, maam. Whynt you git some sleep? Ill set with her No, Ma said. I aint tard In a pigs eye, said Mrs. Wainwright. Come on, yon lay down awhile. 6o 6 The Grapes of Wrath Ma fanned the air slowly with her cardboard. You been frienly, she said. We thank yon. The stout woman smiled. No need to thank. Everbodys in the same wagon. Spose we was down. Youd a give us a han Yes, Ma said, we would. Or anybody. Or anybody. Use ta be the fambly was fust. It aint so now. Its anybody. Worse off we get, the more we got to do. We couldn a saved it. I know, said Ma. Ruthie sighed deeply and took her arm from over her eyes. She looked blindly at the lamp for a moment, and then turned her head and looked at Ma. Is it bore? she de- manded. Is the baby out? Mrs. Wainwright picked up a sack and spread it over the apple box in the comer. Wheres the baby?  Ruthie demanded. Ma wet her lips. They aint no baby. They never was no baby. We was wrong. Shucks! Ruthie yawned. I wisht it had a been a baby. Mrs. Wainwright sat down beside Ma and took the card- board from her and fanned the air. Ma folded her hands in her lap, and her tired eyes never left the face of Rose of Sharon, sleeping in exhaustion. Come on, Mrs. Wain- wright said. Jus lay down. Youll be right beside her. Why, youd wake up if she took a deep breath, even. A wright, I will. Ma stretched out on the mattress beside the sleeping girl. And Mrs. Wainwright sat on the floor and kept watch. Pa and A1 and Uncle John sat in the car doorway and The Grapes of Wrath 607 watched the steely dawn come. The rain had stopped, but the sky was deep and solid with cloud. As the light came, it was reflected on the water. The men could see the current of the stream, slipping swiftly down, bearing black branches of trees, boxes, boards. The water swirled into the flat where the boxcars stood. There was no sign of the embankment .left. On the flat the current stopped. The edges of the flood were lined with yellow foam. Pa leaned out the door and placed a twig on the cat-walk, just above the water line. The men watched the water slowly climb to it, lift it gently and float it away. Pa placed another twig an inch above the watex and settled back to watch. Think itll come inside the car? A1 asked. Cant tell Theys a hell of a lot of water got to come down from the hills yet. Cant tell Might start up to rain again. A1 said, I been a-thinkin. If she come in, everthingll get soaked. Yeah. Well, she wont come up moren three-four feet in the car cause shell go over the highway an spread out first. How you know? Pa asked. I took a sight on her, off the end of the car. He held his ' hand.  Bout this far up shell come. Awright, Pa said. What about it? We wont be here. We got to be here. Trucks here. Take a week to get the water out of her when the flood goes down. Well whats your idear? We can teat out the side-boards of the truck an build a kinda platform in here to pile our stuff an to set up on. Yeah? Howll we cook-howll we eat? Well, itll keep our stuff dry. 6o8 The Grapes of Wrath The light grew stronger outside, a gray metallic light. The second little stick floated away from the cat-walk. Pa placed another one higher up. Sure climbin, he said. I guess we better do that. Ma turned restlessly in her sleep. Her eyes started wide open. She cried sharply in warning, Tom! Oh, Tom! Tom! Mrs. Wainwright spoke soothingly. 'The eyes flicked closed again and Ma squirmed under her dream. Mrs. Wain- wright got up and walked to the doorway. Hey! she said softly. We aint gonna git out soon. She pointed to the comer of the car where the apple box was. That aint doin no good. Jus cause trouble an sorra. Couldn you fellas kinda take it out an bury it? The men were silent. Pa said at last, Guess youre right. Jus cause sorra. Gainst the law to bury it. Theys lots a things gainst the law that we cant hep doin. Yeah. A1 said, We oughta git them truck sides tore off fore the water comes up much more. Pa turned to Uncle John. Will you take an bury it while A1 an me git that lumber in? Uncle John said sullenly, Why do I got to do it? Why dont you fellas? I don like it. And then, Sure. Ill do it. Sure, I will. Come on, give it to me. His voice began to rise. Come on! Give it to me. Don wake em up, Mrs. Wainwright said. She brought the apple box to the doorway and straightened the sack de- cently over it. Shovels standin right behin you, Pa said. Uncle John took the shovel in one hand. He slipped out The Grapes of Wrath 609 the doorway into the slowly moving water, and it rose nearly to his waist before he struck bottom. He turned and settled the apple box under his other arm. Pa said, Come on, Al. Les git that lumber in. In the gray dawn light Uncle John waded around the end of the car, past the Joad truck; and he climbed the slippery bank to the highway. He walked down the highway, past the boxcar flat, until he came to a place where the boiling stream ran close to the road, where the willows grew along the road side. He put his shovel down, and holding the box in front of him, he edged through the brush until he came to the edge of the swift stream. For a time he stood watching it swirl by, leaving its yellow foam among the willow stems. He held the apple box against his chest. And then he leaned over and set the box in the stream and steadied it with his hand. He said fiercely, Go down an tell em. Go down in the street an rot an tell em that way. Thats the way you can talk. Don even know if you was a boy or a girl. Aint gonna find out. Go on down now, an lay in the street. Maybe theyll know then. down the I need some meat. 6x0 The Grapes of Wrath I wil Pa said. He jumped down from the truck and Uncle John took his place. When they pushed the planks into the car door, Ma awak- ened and sat up. What you doin? Gonna build up a place to keep outa the wet. . Why? Ma asked. Its dry in here. Aint gonna be. Waters cornin up. Ma struggled up to her feet and went to the door. We got to git outa here. Cant, Ai said. All our stuffs here. Trucks here. Everthing we got. Wheres Pa? Gone to get stuff for breakfas. Ma looked down at the water. It was only six inches down from the floor by now. She went back to the mattress and looked at Rose of Sharon. The girl stared back at her. How you feel? Ma asked. Tard. Jus tarM out. Gonna get some breakfas into you. I aint hungry. Mrs. Wain wright moved beside Ma. She looks all right. Come through it fine. Rose of Sharons eyes questioned Ma, and Ma tried to avoid the question. Mrs. Wainwright walked to .the stove.. Ma. Yeah? What you want? Ts it all right? Ma gave up the attempt. She kneeled down on the mat- tress. You can have more, she said. We done everthing we knowed. Rose of Sharon struggled and pushed herself up. Ma! The Grapes of Wrath 611 You couldn hep it. The girl lay back again, and covered her eyes with her arms. Ruthie crept close and looked down in awe. She whis- pered harshly, She sick, Ma? She gonna die?  Course not. Shes gonna be awright. Awright. Pa came in with his armload of packages. How is she? Awright, Ma said. Shes gonna be awright. Ruthie reported to Winfield. She aint gonna die. Ma says so. And Winfield, picking his teeth with a splinter in a very adult manner, said, I knowed it all the time. Howd you know? I wont tell, said Winfield, and he spat out a piece of the splinter. Ma built the fire up with the last twigs and cooked the bacon and made gravy. Pa had brought store bread. Ma scowled when she saw it. We got any money lef? Nope, said Pa. But we was so hungry. . An you got store bread, Ma said accusingly. Well, we was awful hungry. Worked all night long. Ma sighed. Now what we gonna do? As they ate, the water crept up and up. A1 gulped his food and he and Pa built the platform. Five feet wide, six feet long, four feet above the floor. And the water crept to the edge of the doorway, seemed to hesitate a long time, and then moved slowly inward over the floor. And outside, the rain began again, as it had before, big heavy drops splashing on the water, pounding hollowly on the roof.  A1 said, Come on now, lets get the mattresses up. Lets put the blankets up, so they dont git wet. They piled their possessions up on the platform, and the water crept over the 6 1 2 The Grapes of Wrath floor. Pa and Ma, AI and Uncle John, each at a comer, lifted Rose of Sharons mattress, with the girl on it, and put it on top of the pile. And the girl protested, I can walk. Im awright. And the water crept over the floor, a thin film of it. Rose of Sharon whispered to Ma, and Ma put her hand under the blanket and felt her breast and nodded. In the other end of the boxcar, the Wainwrights were pounding, building a platform for themselves. The rain thickened, and then passed away. Ma looked down at her feet. The water was half an inch deep on the car floor by now. You Ruthie Winfiel !  she called distractedly. Come get on top of the pile. Youll get cold. She saw them safely up, sitting awkwardly beside Rose of Sharon. Ma said suddenly, We got to git out. We cant, Pa said. Like Al says, all our stuffs here. Well pull off the boxcar door an make more room to set on. The family huddled on the platforms, silent and fretful. The water was six inches deep in the car before the flood spread evenly over the embankment and moved into the cotton field on the other side. During that day and night the men slept soddenly, side by side on the boxcar door.' And Ma lay close to Rose of Sharon. Sometimes Ma whis- pered to her and sometimes sat up quietly, her face brood- ing. Under the blanket she hoarded the remains of the store bread. The rain had become intermittent now little wet squalls and quiet times. On the morning of the second day Pa splashed through the camp and came back with ten pota- toes in Jus pockets. Ma watched him sullenly while he The Grapes of Wrath 613 chopped out part of the inner wall of the car, built a fire, and scooped water into a pan. The family ate the steaming boiled potatoes with their fingers. And when this last food was gone, they stared at the gray water; and in the night they did not lie down for a long time. When the morning came they awakened nervously. Rose of Sharon whispered to Ma. Ma nodded her head. Yes, she said. Its time for it. And then she turned to the car door, where the men lay. Were a-gettin outa here, she said savagely, gettin to higher groun. An youre cornin or you aint cornin, but Im takin Rosasham an the little fellas outa here- We cant!  Pa said weakly. A wright, then. Maybe youll pack Rosasham to the highway, anyways, an then come back. It aint rainin now, an were a-goin. Awright, well go, Pa said. A 1 said, Ma, I aint goin. Why not? Well Aggie why, her an me   Ma smiled.  Course, she said. You stay here, Al. Take care of the stuff. When the water goes down why, well come back. Come quick, fore it rains again, she told Pa. Come on, Rosasham. Were goin to a dry place. I can walk. Maybe a little, on the road. Git your back bent, Pa. Pa slipped into the water and stood waiting. Ma helped Rose of Sharon down from the platform and steadied her across the car. Pa took her in his arms, held her as high as he could, and pushed his way carefully through the deep water, around the car, and to the highway. He set her down on her  Till! , 1. Y T.  11  o4 Dnl-Kia rtr! 614 The Grapes of Wrath lowed. Ma slid down into the water, and for a moment her skirts billowed out around her. WinfieF, set on my shoulder. Al well come back soons the waters down. Al  She paused. If if Tom comes tell Mm well be back. Tell him be careful. WinfieF! Climb on my shoulder there! Now, keep your feet still She stag- gered off through the breast-high water. At the highway embankment they helped her up and lifted Winfield from her shoulder. They stood on the highway and looked back over the sheet of water, the dark red blocks of the cars, the tracks and automobiles deep in the slowly moving water. And as they stood, a little misting rain began to, fall We got to git along, Ma said. Rosasharn, you feel like you could walk?  Kinda dizzy, the girl said. Feel like I been beat. Pa complained, Now were a-goin, where we goin? I dunno. Come on, give your han to Rosasharn. Ma took the girls right arm to steady her, and Pa her left. Goin someplace where its dry. Got to. You fellas aint had dry clothes on for two days. They moved slowly along the highway. They could hear the rushing of the water in the stream beside the road. Ruthie and Winfield marched together, splashing their feet against the road. They went slowly along the road. The sky grew darker and the rain thickened. No traffic moved along the highway. We got to hurry, Ma said. If this here girl gits good an wet I dont know whatll happen to her. You aint said where-at were a-hurryin to, Pa re- minded her sarcastically. The road curved along beside the stream. Ma searched the land and the flooded fields. Far off the road, on the left, on a The Grapes of Wrath 615 slight rolling hill a rain-blackened barn stood. Look! Ma said. Look there! I bet its dry in that bam. Lets go there till the rain stops. Pa sighed. Probly get run out by the fella owns it. Ahead, beside the road, Ruthie saw a spot of red. She raced to it. A scraggly geranium gone wild, and there was one rain-beaten blossom on it. She picked the flower. She took a petal carefully off and stuck it on her nose. Winfield ran up to see. Lemme have one? he said. No, sir!- Its all mine. I foun it. She stuck another red petal on her forehead, a little bright-red heart. Come on, Ruthie! Lemme have one. Come on, now'. He grabbed at the flower in her hand and missed it, and Ruthie banged him in the face with her open hand. He stood for a moment, surprised, and then his lips shook and his eyes welled. The others caught up. Now what you done? Ma asked. Now what you done? He tried to grab my flar. Winfield sobbed, I-ony wanted one-to-stick on my nose. Give him one, Ruthie. Leave him find his own. This heres mine. Ruthie! You give him one. Ruthie heard the threat in Mas tone, and changed her tactics. Here, she said with elaborate kindness. Ill stick on one for you. The older people walked on. Winfield held his nose near to her. She wet a petal with her tongue and jabbed it cruelly on his nose. You little son-of-a-bitch, she said softly. Winfield felt for the petal with his fingers, and pressed it down on his nose. They walked quickly after the 616 The Grapes of Wrath others. Ruthie felt how the fun was gone, Here, she said. Heres some more. Stick some on your forehead. From the right of the road there came a sharp swishing. Ma cried, Hurry up. Theys a big rain. Les go through the fence here. Its shorter. Come on, now! Bear on, Rosasharn. They half dragged the girl across the ditch, helped her through the fence. And then the storm struck them. Sheets of rain fell on them. They plowed through the mud and up the little incline. The black barn was nearly obscured by the rain. It hissed and splashed, and the growing wind drove it along. Rose of Sharons feet slipped and she dragged between her supporters. Pa! Can you carry her? Pa leaned over and picked her up. Were wet through anyways, he said. Hurry up. WinfieF Ruthie ! Run on ahead. They came panting up to the rain-soaked barn and stag- gered into the open end. There was no door in this end. A few rusty farm tools lay about, a disk plow and a' broken cultivator, an iron wheel. The rain hammered on the roof and curtained the entrance. Pa gently set Rose of Sharon down on an oily box. God Awmighty! he said. Ma said, Maybe theys hay inside. Look, theres a door. She swung the door on its rusty hinges. They is hay, she cried. Come on in, you. It was dark inside. A little light came in through the cracks between the boards. Lay down, Rosasharn, Ma said. Lay down an res. Ill try to figger some way to dry you off. Winfield said, Ma! and the rain roaring on the roof drowned his voice. Met! What is it? What you want? The Grapes of Wrath Look! In the corner 5 Ma looked. There were two figures in the gloom; a man who lay on his back, and a boy sitting beside him, his eyes wide, staring at the newcomers. As she looked, the boy got slowly up to his feet and came toward her. His voice croaked. You own this here? No, Ma said. Jus 5 come in outa the wet. We got a sick girl. You got a dry blanket we could use an 5 get her wet clothes off? The boy went back to the corner and brought a dirty comfort and held it out to Ma. Thank ya, she said. Whats the matterth that fella? The boy spoke in a croaking monotone. Fust he was sick but now hes starvin. What? Starvin. Got sick in the cotton. He aint et for six days. Ma walked to the corner and looked down at the man. He was about fifty, his whiskery face gaunt, and his open eyes were vague and staring. The boy stood beside her. Your pa? Ma asked. Yeah! Says he wasn hungry, or he jus et. Give me the food. Now hes too weak. Cant hardly move. The pounding of the rain decreased to a soothing swish on the roof. The gaunt man moved his lips. Ma knelt beside him and put her ear close. His lips moved again. Sure, Ma said. You jus be easy. Hell be awright. You jus waitll I get them wet cloes offn my girl. Ma went back to the girl. Now slip em off, she said. She held the comfort up to screen her from view. And when she was naked, Ma folded the comfort about her. The boy was at her side again explaining, I didn know. He said he et, or he wasn hungry. Las night I went an bust 6x8 The Grapes of Wrath, a winda an stoled some bread. Made im chew ? er dowp. But he puked it all up, an then he was weaker. Got to have soup or milk. You folks got money to git milk? Ma said, Hush. Don 5 worry. Well figger somepin out. Suddenly the boy cried, a He 5 s dyin 5 , I tell you! Hes itarvin to death, I tell you . 55 Hush , 55 said Ma. She looked at Pa and Uncle John stand- ing helplessly gazing at the sick man. She looked at Rose of Sharon huddled in the comfort. Mas eyes passed Rose of Sharons eyes, and then came back to them. And the two women looked deep into each other. The girls breath came short and gasping. She said Yes. Ma smiled. I knowed you would. I knowed! She looked down at her hands, tight-locked in her lap. Rose of Sharon whispered, Will will you all go out? The rain whisked lightly on the roof. Ma leaned forward and with her palm she brushed the tousled hair back from her daughters forehead, and she kissed her on the forehead. Ma got up quickly. Come on, you fellas, she called. You come out in the tool shed. Ruthie opened her mouth to speak. Hush, Ma said. Hush and git. She herded them through the door, drew 1 the boy with her; and she closed the squeaking door. For a minute Rose of Sharon sat still in the whispering bam. Then she hoisted her tired body up and drew the com- fort about her. She moved slowly to the corner and stood looking down at the wasted face, into the wide, frightened eyes. Then slowly she lay down beside him. He shook his head slowly from side to side. Rose of Sharon loosened one side of the blanket and bared her breast. You got to, she said. She squirmed closer and pulled his head close. There ! 55 The Grapes of Wrath CS19 she said. There. Her hand moved behind his head and sup- ported it. Her fingers moved gently in his hair. She looked up and across the barn, and her lips came together and smiled mysteriously.