The adventure of Captain Underpants CHAPTER I GCOAGE AMD HAAOLD Meet George Beard and Harold Hutchins, George is the kid on the left with the tie and the flat-top. Harold is the one on the right with the T-shirt and the bad haircut. Remember that now. George and Harold were best friends. They had a lot in common. They lived right next door to each other and they were both in the same fourth-grade class at Jerome Horwitz Elementary School. George and Harold were usually responsible kids. Whenever anything bad happened, George and Harold were usually responsible. v nr  K. r r t  But dont get the wrong idea about these two. George and Harold were actually very nice boys. No matter what everybody else thought, they were good, sweet, and lovable. . . . Well, OK, maybe they werent so sweet and lovable, but they were good nonetheless. c  Its just that George and Harold each had a silly streak a mile long. Usually that silly streak was hard to control. Sometimes it got them into trouble. And once it got them into big, BIG trouble. But before I can tell you that story, I have to tell you this story. vAy Ay CHAPTEA 1 After a hard day of cracking jokes, pulling pranks, and causing mayhem at school, George and Harold liked to rush to the old tree house in Georges backyard. Inside the tree house were two big old fluffy chairs, a table, a cupboard crammed with junk food, and a padlocked crate filled with pencils, pens, and stacks and stacks of paper. y 9 Now, Harold loved to draw, and George loved to make up stories. And together, the two boys spent hours and hours writing and drawing their very own comic books. Over the years, they had created hundreds of their own comics, starring dozens of their own superheroes. First there was Dog Man, then came Timmy the Talking Toilet, and who could forget The Amazing Cow Lady? But the all-time greatest superhero they ever made up had to be The Amazing Captain Underpants. George came up with the idea. Most superheroes look like theyre flying around in their underwear, he said. Well, this guy actually is flying around in his underwear! The two boys laughed and laughed. Yeah, said Harold, he could fight with Wedgie PowerV George and Harold spent entire afternoons writing and drawing the comic adventures of Captain Underpants. He was their coolest superhero ever! Luckily for the boys, the secretary at Jerome Horwitz Elementary School was much too busy to keep an eye on the copy machine. So whenever they got a chance, Harold and George would sneak into the office and run off several hundred copies of their latest Captain Underpants adventure. After school, they sold their homemade comics on the playground for 50t each. CHAPTER 3 THE ADVEVTUHES OF CAPTAIH UVDEAPAMTS a P P a f a Cj  ' Ofrboi Py HAf-oU  I I  . f CooL  5 qF Iplanli I'Zth Bad'''S a " 'PtTeFor I _ v7r'flsnrr  ' " Thet Alon CqmC A Cvvj improVdi QX'r-Sirh3t  I Sv;per bro.   oo vp fn  the sKV I BTrd  TX VPLane. " 4Kaa I WokVi,  1 'm Cqptov'H . ONDEPPcLI"-?   VAiaS f'cSer -flch x 5pee4fh9 WAisTbAnd... A4fie PoV6'''j Han 9 Kort , . .Yr  . O .  kO' 2JOtA '? m n4 fo 4,tL BiLdlinQS a wdigie. trala Cl pearj lhr fh'pgy-y  c Q Q 1     D P3e 2i WA? At -rtj CAfM9.iK. Vi Every Bod Virted T-V o roucKj tley AUU tBvew if awAY- trash X arn the ioohTie CAfiterA fboP CAIfW to iif6 the AlounJ th6 Schoolf erftiV eve'ryhin3 Th SSKt." Av - u,,'; T 1 V4 r t'e ned-'tLe' uvjK j''s ,q Folclt'5 Chaivr tVe 9 Yn- tacFker. OHjaJo Not folding Chfr Q .iVW CD PR, ''cpeL 7T;fhnae7fehfS cijd.tdo IAJDRPANTS ooY RJNhn3 UohK cha5ei _ 1 P' oy CJ - - -  A I f'paLy TiieXneaTl HfKoftoo TiVea cn4 tirrsfy -po cHje CAPXAfrJ hfoW Aou'' NX crol o-F JfyQT Pon ariij -fK-e 0 ? SOoK' 0  CHAPTER 4 MEAN OLD MR. KRUPP Now, Mr. Krupp was the meanest, sourest old principal in the whole history of Jerome Horwitz Elementary School. He hated laughter and singing. He hated the sounds of children playing at recess. In fact, he hated children altogether! And guess which two children Mr. Krupp hated most of all? If you guessed George and Harold, youre right! Mr. Krupp hated George and Harold. He hated their pranks and their wise cracks. He hated their silly attitudes and their constant giggling. And he especially hated those awful Captain Underpants comic books. IjEEL HERE CHAPTEA 5 OME DAY VEAYr VEAY SOON Remember when I said that George and Harolds silly streak got them into big, BIG trouble once? Well, this is the story of how that happened. And how some huge pranks and a little blackmail turned their principal into the coolest superhero of all time. It was the day of the big football game between the Horwitz Knuckleheads and the Stubinville Stinkbugs. The bleachers were filled with fans. The cheerleaders ran onto the field and shook their pom-poms over their heads. A fine black dust drifted out of their pom-poms and settled all around them. Gimme a K! shouted the cheer leaders. K! repeated the fans. Gimme an N! shouted the cheer leaders. N! repeated the fans. Gimme an . . . a-ah-ah-A-CHOO! sneezed the cheerleaders. A-ah-ah-A-CHOO! repeated the fans. The cheerleaders sneezed and sneezed and sneezed some more. They couldnt stop sneezing, Hey! shouted a fan in the bleachers, Somebody sprinkled black pepper into the cheerleaders pom-poms! I wonder who did that? asked another fan. 27 The cheerleaders stumbled off the field, sneezing and dripping with mucus, as the marching band members took their places. But when the band began to play, steady streams of bubbles began blowing out of their instruments! Bubbles were everywhere Up and down the field the marching band slipped and slid, leaving behind a thick trail of wet, bubbly foam. Hey! shouted a fan in the bleachers. Somebody poured bubble bath into the marching bands instruments!  I wonder who did that? asked ' another fan. O Soon, the football teams took the field. The Knuckleheads kicked the ball. Up, up, up went the ball. Higher and higher it went. The ball sailed into the clouds and kept right on going until nobody could see it anymore. Hey! shouted a fan in the bleachers. Somebody filled the game ball with helium ! I wonder who did that? asked another fan  oto  O  O o o o O But the missing ball didnt make any difference because at that moment, the Knuckleheads were rolling around the field, scratching and itching like crazy. Hey! shouted the coach. Somebody replaced our Deep-Heating Muscle Rub Lotion with Mr. Pranksters Extra-Scratchy Itching Cream! We wonder who did that?! shouted the fans in the bleachers. 30 The whole afternoon went on much the same way, with people shouting everything from Hey, somebody put Sea-Monkeys in the lemonade! to Hey, somebody glued all the bathroom doors shut! Before long, most of the fans in the bleachers had gotten up and left. The big game had been forfeited, and everyone in the entire school was miserable. Everyone, that is, except for two giggling boys crouching in the shadows beneath the bleachers. Those were our best pranks yet! laughed Harold. Yep, chuckled George, theyll be hard to top, thats for sure. I just hope we dont get busted for this, said Harold. Dont worry, said George. We covered our tracks really well. Theres no way well get busted! 32 CHAPTER 6 BUSTED The next day at school, an announcement came over the loudspeakers. George Beard and Harold Hutchins, please report to Principal Krupps office at once. Uh-oh! said Harold. T dont like the sound of thatV Dont worry, said George. They cant prove anything! George and Harold entered Principal Krupps office and sat down on the chairs in front of his desk. The two boys had been in this office together countless times before, but this time was different. Mr. Krupp was smiling. As long as George and Harold had known Mr. Krupp, they had never, ever seen him smile. Mr. Krupp knew something. T didnt see you boys at the big game yesterday, said Mr. Krupp. Uh, no, said George. We werent feeling well. T-Y-Yeah, Harold stammered nervously. W-W-We went home. Aw, thats too bad, said Principal Krupp. You boys missed a good game. George and Harold quickly glanced at each other, gulped, and tried hard not to look guilty. Lucky for you, I have a videotape of the whole thing, Mr. Krupp said. He turned on the television in the corner and pressed the play button on the VCR. A black-and-white image appeared on the TV screen. It was an overhead shot of George and Harold sprinkling pepper into the cheerleaders pom-poms. Next came a shot of George and Harold pouring liquid bubble bath into the marching bands instruments. How do you like the pre-game showT' asked Mr. Krupp with a devilish grin. 36 You know, he said, ever since you boys came to this school, its been one prank after another. First you put dissected frogs in the Jell-O salad at the parent- teacher banquet. Then you made it snow in the cafeteria. Then you rigged all the inter coms so they played Weird Al Yankovic songs full blast for six hours straight. For four long years you two have been running amok in this school, and Ive never been able to prove anything  until now! Mr. Krupp held the videotape in his hand. I took the liberty of installing tiny video surveillance cameras all around the school. I knew Id catch you two in the act one day. I just didnt know it would be so easyV CHAPTEA 7 A LITTLE BLACKMAIL Mr. Krupp sat back in his chair and chuckled to himself for a long, long time. Finally, George got up the courage to speak. W-What are you going to do with that tape? he said. I thought youd never ask, laughed Principal Krupp. 39 Ive thought long and hard about what to do with this tape, Mr. Krupp said. At first, I thought Id send copies to your parents. The boys swallowed hard and sank deeply into their chairs. Then I thought I might send a copy to the school board, Mr. Krupp continued. I could get you both expelled for this! The boys swallowed harder and sank deeper into their chairs. Finally, I came to a decision, Mr. Krupp concluded. I think the football team would be very curious to find out just who was responsible for yesterdays fiasco. I think Ill send a copy to them! George and Harold leaped out of their chairs and fell to their knees. No! cried George. You cant do that. Theyll kill us! Yeah, begged Harold, theyll kill us every day for the rest of our lives! George and Harold carefully looked over the list. This . . . this is blackmail! said George. Call it what you like, Principal Krupp snapped, but if you two dont follow that list exactly, then this tape becomes the property of the Horwitz Knuckleheads! CHAPTEA 8 CRIME AND PUNISHMENT At six oclock the next morning, George and Harold dragged themselves out of bed, walked over to Mr. Krupps house, and began washing his car. Then, while Harold scrubbed the tires, George roamed around the yard pulling up all the weeds and crabgrass he could find. Afterward, they cleaned the gutters and washed all the windows on Mr. Krupps house. 43 At school, George and Harold sat up straight, listened carefully, and spoke only when spoken to. They didnt tell jokes, they didnt pull pranksthey didnt even smile. Their teacher kept pinching herself. I just know this is a dream, she said. At lunch, the two boys vacuumed Mr. Krupps office, shined his shoes, and polished his desktop. At recess, they clipped his fingernails and ironed his tie. Each spare moment in the boys daily schedule was spent catering to Mr. Krupps every whim. 45 After school, George and Harold mowed Mr. Krupps lawn, tended his garden, and began painting the front of his house. At sunset, Mr. Krupp came outside and handed each boy a stack of books. Gentlemen, he said, Ive asked your teachers to give you both extra homework. Now go home, study hard, and Ill see you back here at six oclock tomorrow morning. Weve got a busy day ahead of us. Thank you, sir, moaned the two boys. George and Harold walked home dead tired. Man, this was the worst day of my entire life, said George. Dont worry, said Harold. We only have to do this for eight more years. Then we can move away to some far-off land where theyll never find us. Maybe Antarctica. Ive got a better idea, said George. He took a piece of paper out of his pocket and handed it to Harold. It was an old magazine ad for the 3-D Hypno-Ring. Hows this going to help us? asked Harold. All we gotta do is hypnotize Mr. Krupp, said George. Well make him give us the video and forget this whole mess ever happened. Thats a great idea! said Harold. And the best part is we only have to wait four- to-six weeks for delivery! 48 CHAPTEA 9 FOUIt-TO-SIX WEEKS LATEA After four-to-six weeks of backbreaking slave labor, grueling homework assign ments, and humiliating good behavior at school, a package arrived in Georges mailbox from the Lil Wiseguy Novelty Company. It was the 3-D Hypno-Ring. Hallelujah! cried George. Its every thing 1 ever hoped for! Let me see, let me see, said Harold. Dont look directly at it, warned George. You dont want to get hypno tized, do you? Do you really think it will work? asked Harold. Do you really think we can amaze our friends, control our enemies, and take over the world just like the ad says? It better work, said George. Or else we just wasted four whole bucks! CHAPTER 10 THE 3-D HYPHO-AIHG The next morning, George and Harold didnt arrive early at Mr. Krupps house to wash his car and reshingle his roof. In fact, they were even a little late getting to school. When they finally showed up, Mr. Krupp was standing at the front door waiting for them. And boy, was he mad Mr. Krupp escorted the boys into his office and slammed the door. All right, where were you two this morning? he growled. We wanted to come over to your house, said George, but we were busy trying to figure out the secret of this ring." What ring? snapped Mr. Krupp. George held up his hand and showed the ring to Principal Krupp. Its got one of those weird patterns on it, said Harold. If you stare at it long enough, a picture appears. Well, hold it still, snarled Mr. Krupp. I cant see the darn thing! I have to move it back and forth, said George, or else it wont work. Mr. Krupps eyes followed the ring back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, and back and forth. You have to stare deeper into the ring, said Harold. Deeper . . . deeeper . . . deeeeper . . . deeeeeeeeeper. You are getting sleepy, said George. Veeeeery sleeeeeeeeeepy. Mr. Krupps eyelids began to droop, rmmmsssoooosssleeepy, he mumbled. After a few minutes, Mr. Krupps eyes were closed tight, and he began to snore. You are under our spell, said George. When I snap my fingers, you will obey our every command! Snap! Iwwilllloobeyyy, mumbled Mr. Krupp. All right, said George. Have you still got that videotape of me and Harold? Yeeessss, mumbled Mr. Krupp. Well, hand it over, bub, George instructed. Mr. Krupp unlocked a large file cabinet and opened the bottom drawer. He reached in and handed George the video tape. George stuffed it into his backpack. Harold took a different video out of his backpack and put it into the file cabinet. Whats that video? asked George. Its one of my little sisters old Boomer the Purple Dragon Sing-A-Long videos. Nice touch, said George. 54 CHAPTCA II FUM IITH HYPNOSIS When Harold bent down to close the file cabinet, he took a quick look inside. Whoa! he cried. Look at all the stuff in here! The file cabinet was filled with every thing Mr. Krupp had taken away from the boys over the years. There were sling shots, whoopee cushions, skateboards, fake doggy doo-dooyou name it, it was in there. Look at this! cried George. A big stack of Captain Underpants comics! Hes got every issue! said Harold. For hours, the two boys sat on the floor laughing and reading their comics. Finally, George looked up at the clock. Yikes! he said. Its almost lunchtime! We better clean up this mess and get to class. The boys looked up at their principal, who had been standing behind them in a trance all morning. Gee, I almost forgot about Mr. Krupp, said Harold. What should we do with him? Do you want to have some fun? asked George. Why not? said Harold. I havent had any fun in the last four-to-six weeks! Cool, said George. He walked up to Mr. Krupp and snapped his fingers. Snap! You area chicken he said. Suddenly, Mr. Krupp leaped onto his desk and flapped his arms. Cluck, cluck, cluck-cluck, he cried, kicking his papers off the desk behind him and pecking at his pen-and-pencil set. George and Harold howled with laughter. Let me try, let me try, said Harold. Ummm, you are aa monkey V' You gotta snap your fingers, said George. Oh, yeah, said Harold. Snap! You are a monkey V Suddenly, Mr. Krupp sprang off his desk and began swinging from the fluorescent light fixtures. Ooo-ooo, ooo- oooo, OOOOO! he shrieked, leaping from one side of the room to the other. George and Harold laughed so hard they almost cried. 58 My turn, my turn! said George. Lets see. What should we turn him into next? I know, Harold said, holding up a Captain Underpants comic. Lets turn him into Captain Underpants! Good idea, said George. Snap! You are now the greatest superhero of all time The Amazing Captain Underpants Mr. Krupp tore down the red curtain from his office window and tied it around his neck. Then he took off his shoes, socks, shirt, pants, and his awful toupee. Tra-La-Laaaaaaaa! he sang. Mr. Krupp stood before them looking quite triumphant, with his cape blowing in the breeze of the open window. George and Harold were dumbfounded. You know, said George, he kinda looks like Captain Underpants. Yeah, Harold replied. After a short silence, the two boys looked at each other and burst into laughter. George and Harold had never laughed so hard in all their lives. Tears ran down their faces as they rolled about the floor, shrieking in hysterics. After a while, George pulled himself up from the floor for another look. Hey, George cried. Whered he go? 60 CHAPTER n OUT THE lIMDOI George and Harold dashed to the window and looked out. There, running across the parking lot, was a pudgy old guy in his underwear with a red cape flowing behind him. Mr. Krupp, come back! shouted Harold. He wont answer to that,'" said George. He thinks hes Captain Underpants now. Oh, no, said Harold. Hes probably runnin off to fight crime, said George. Oh, no said Harold. And we gotta stop him, said George. Oh, NO, cried Harold. NO WAY! Look, said George, he could get killed out there. Harold was unmoved. Or worse, said George. We could get into BIG trouble! Youre right, said Harold. We gotta go after him! The two boys opened the bottom file-cabinet drawer and took out their slingshots and skateboards. Do you think we should bring any thing else? asked Harold. Yeah, said George. Lets bring the fake doggy doo-doo. Good thinking, said Harold. You just never know when fake doggy doo-doo is going to come in handy! V ..2 Harold stuffed Mr. Krupps clothes, shoes, and toupee into his backpack. Then together the two boys leaped out the window, slid down the flagpole, and took off on their skateboards after the Amazing Captain Underpants. CHAPTER IS BANK AOBBEAS George and Harold rode their skateboards all over town looking for Captain Underpants. I cant find him anywhere, said Harold. Youd think a guy like him would be easy to spot, said George. Then the boys turned a corner, and there he was. Captain Underpants was standing in front of a bank, looking quite heroic. Mr. Krupp! cried Harold. Shhh, said George, dont call him that. Call him Captain Underpants! Oh, yeah, said Harold. And dont forget to snap your fingers, said George. Right! said Harold. 66 But before he got a chance, the bank doors flew wide open, and out stepped two robbers. The robbers took one look at Captain Underpants and stopped dead in their tracks. Surrender! said Captain Underpants. Or I will have to resort to Wedgie PowerV' QQ Nobody moved for about ten seconds. Finally, the robbers looked at each other and burst out laughing. They dropped their loot and fell to the sidewalk scream ing in hysterics. Almost immediately, the cops showed up and arrested the crooks. Let that be a lesson to you, cried Captain Underpants. Never underestimate the power of underwear! The police chief, looking quite angry, marched over to Captain Underpants. And just who the heck are you supposed to be? the police chief demanded. Why, Vm Captain Underpants, the worlds greatest superhero, said Captain Underpants. I fight for Truth, Justice, and all that is Pre-Shrunk and Cottony! Oh, YEAHWT' shouted the police chief. Cuff him, boys! One of the cops took out his handcuffs and grabbed Captain Underpants by the arm. 69 Uh-oh! cried George. We gotta roll! Together the two boys zoomed into the crowd, weaving in and out of cops and bystanders. Harold skated up to Captain Underpants and knocked the superhero off his feet. George caught him and the boys skated away with Captain Underpants on their shoulders. Stop! cried the cops, but it was too late. George, Harold, and Captain Underpants were gone. 70 CHAPTEH 14 THE BIG BAHG After their quick escape, George, Harold, and Captain Underpants stopped on a deserted street corner to catch their breath, OK, said George. Lets de-hypnotize him quick, before something else . . . A huge explosion came from the Rare Crystal Shop across the street. Heavy smoke poured out of the building. Suddenly, two robots with one stolen crystal emerged from the smoke and jumped into an old van. Did I Just see two ROBOTS get into a van? asked Harold. You know, said George, up until now this story was almost believable 72 Well, believable or not, said Harold, were not getting involved. I repeat We are NOT getting involved! Just then. Captain Underpants leaped from the street corner and dashed in front of the van, Stop, in the name of underwear! he cried. Uh-oh, said George. I think were involved." The two robots started up the van and swerved around Captain Underpants. Unfortunately, the van brushed up against his red cape, and it got caught. With a mighty jerk. Captain Underpants flipped backward, and the van pulled him along as it drove away. GRAB HIM! cried George. The two boys skateboarded with all their might toward the speeding van and grabbed Captain Underpants by the ankles. HEEEEEEELLLLLLLP! they cried as the van pulled them through the Mommy, said a little boy sitting on a bench, I just saw two robots driving a van with a guy in his underwear hanging off the back by a red cape, pulling two boys on skateboards behind him with his feet. How do you expect me to believe such a ridiculous story? asked his mother. Finally, the van came to a screeching halt in front of an old abandoned ware house. The sudden stop made Captain Underpants flip over the roof of the van and crash through the front door of the building. Well, well, well, said a strange voice from inside the warehouse. It looks as if we have a visitor." CHAPTEA 15 DA. DIAPEA George and Harold hid behind the van until the coast was clear. Then they sneaked up to the hole in the door and peeked inside. Captain Underpants was all tied up, the two robots were standing guard, and a strange little man wearing a diaper was laughing maniacally. I am the evil Dr. Diaper, the strange little man told Captain Underpants. And you will be the first to witness my takeover of the worldV' Dr. Diaper placed the stolen crystal into a large machine called the Laser- Matic 2000. The machine started to light up and make loud noises. Heavy gears began shifting and spinning, and a laser beam from the crystal shot straight up through a hole in the roof. In exactly twenty minutes, this laser beam will blow up the moon and send huge chunks of it crashing down upon every major city in the world! laughed Dr. Diaper. Then, I will rise from the rubble and take over the planet! Only one thing can help us now, said George. What? asked Harold. Rubber doggy doo-doo, said George. Harold took the fake doggy doo-doo and a slingshot from Georges backpack and handed them to him. Be careful, said Harold. The fate of the entire planet is in your hands! With careful and precise aim, George shot the rubber doo-doo through the air and across the room. It landed with a plop  right at the feet of Dr. Diaper. Tessss! whispered George and Harold. Dr. Diaper looked down at the doo-doo between his feet and turned bright red. Oh, dear me! he cried. Fm dreadfully embarrassed! Please excuse me. He began to waddle toward the rest room. This has never happened to me before, I assure you, he said. I-I guess with all the excitement, I just... I just. . . Oh, dear! Oh, dear! 81 While Dr. Diaper was off changing himself, George and Harold sneaked into the old warehouse. Immediately, the robots detected the boys and began marching toward them. Destroy the intruders! said the robots. Destroy the intruders! George and Harold screamed and ran to the back of the warehouse. Luckily, George found two old boards and gave one of them to Harold. Were not going to have to resort to extremely graphic violence, are we? asked Harold. I sure hope not, said George. CHAPTCIl 16 THE EXTHEMELY GRAPHIC VIOLCHCE CHAPTER WARNING The following chapter contains graphic scenes showing two boys beating the tar out of a couple of robots. If you have high blood pressure, or if you faint at the sight of motor oil, we strongly urge you to take better care of yourself and stop being such a baby. 83 IMTItODUCIMG As everybody knows, nothing enhances silly action sequences more than really cheesy animation. And the world's cheesiest animation just got even cheesier If you thought Flip"0Rm was cheesy, you ain't flipped nothin' yet! Hova IT WOUKS Option 1 If your device uses FORWARD and BACKWARD buttons to turn the page place one finger on each button. Then quickly click forward and back between the two Flip-E-Rama pages, and repeat several times until the pictures appear to be poorly animated. Option 2 If your device lets you SWIPE to turn the page, use your finger to swipe once to the left, then swipe once to the right. Then keep swiping back and forth between the two Flip-E-Rama pages until the picture appears to be poorly animated. Flip-E-Rama works best if your device is turned vertically and you can only see one page at a time. Don't forget to add your own sound-effects! FLIP-C-HAMA I AOBOT AAMPACC FLIP-C-HAMA I AOBOT AAMPACC FLIP-C-HAMA 1 GCOAGC SAVES HAAOID FLIP-C-HAMA 1 GCOAGC SAVES HAAOID FLIP-C-HAMA  HAAOID ACTUALS THE FAVOA FLIP-C-HAMA  HAAOLD ACTUALS THE FAVOA FLIP-C-HAMA 4 MIXED fVTS ...AND BOLTS.O FLIP-C-HAMA 4 MIXED fVTS ...AND BOLTS.O CHAPTER IT THE ESCAPE After defeating the robots, George and H Harold untied Captain Underpants. V Come on! cried Harold. Lets get out A of here! y Wait! said Captain Underpants. We k have to save the world first! r So George, Harold, and Captain a Underpants frantically looked all over the y Laser-Matic 2000, searching for a way  to shut it down and stop the inevitable Ll  disaster.  r y 'H4 Ummm, said Harold. I think this might be the lever we want. He pulled the Self-Destruct lever with all his might. Suddenly, the Laser- Matic 2000 began to sputter and shake. The huge laser beam turned off, and pieces of the machine began flying off in all directions. Its gonna BLOW! cried Harold. RUN FOR YOUR LIVES! I I 'jO  r 0 Mi m wor so FAST screamed Dr. Diaper, who had appeared out of nowhere. You demolished my robots. You destroyed my Laser-Matic 2000. And you ruined my one chance to take over the worldbut you wont live to tell the tale! Dr. Diaper pulled out his Diaper-Matic 2000 ray gun, and pointed it at George, Harold, and Captain Underpants. Captain Underpants quickly stretched a pair of underwear and shot it at Dr. Diaper. The underwear landed right on the evil doctors head. Help! cried Dr. Diaper. I cant see! I cant see! George and Harold ran out of the warehouse as fast as they could. Great shot. Captain Underpants! cried Harold. Theres just one thing 1 dont under stand, said George. Whered you get the extra pair of underwear? Never mind that, cried George, lets just get out of here before that Laser- Matic 2000 thing ex . . . The Laser-Matic 2000 blew up, tearing apart the old warehouse. It sent flaming shards of red-hot metal in every direction. Fire fell from the skies around our heroes, and the earth began to crumble beneath their feet. Oh, NO! cried Harold. WERE  DOOMED! 1 tj X. CHAPTEA 18 TO MAKE A LOVG STOAY SHOAT CHAPTEA 19 BACK TO SCHOOL George, Harold, and Captain Underpants made a quick stop outside the police station. They tied Dr. Diaper to a lamppost and attached a note to him. There! said Captain Underpants. That ought to explain everything. Ml NUTES I PLeAse don't coMMi'f NhY 'cRifFS 'TILL we jetiRN. Then George and Harold led Captain Underpants back to Jerome Horwitz Elementary School. Why are we going hereT' asked Captain Underpants. Well, said George, you have to do some undercover work here. Teah, said Harold, reaching into his backpack. Put these clothes on, and make it snappy! Dont forget your hair, said George. Captain Underpants quickly got dressed behind some bushes. Well, how do I look? he asked. Pretty good, said George. Now try to look really mad! Captain Underpants made the nastiest face he could. You know, said Harold, he kinda looks like Mr. Krupp! ''Harold,'' whispered George, he is Mr. Krupp! Oh, yeah, said Harold. I almost forgot. 107 Before long, they were all back inside Mr. Krupps office. OK, Captain Underpants, said George, you are now Mr. Krupp. Snap your fingers, whispered Harold. Oh, yeah, said George. Snap! You are now Mr. Krupp. Whos Mr. Krupp? asked Captain Underpants. Oh, NO! cried Harold. It's not working! The boys tried again and again to de-hypnotize Captain Underpants, but nothing seemed to work. 108 Hmmm, said Harold. Let me see the instruction manual for that ring. George checked his pants pockets. Umm, said George, I think I lost it. You WHAT? cried Harold. The two boys searched frantically through the office, but the 3-D Hypno-Ring instruc tion manual was nowhere to be found. Never mind, said George. I have an idea. He removed the flowers from a large vase in the corner. Then he poured out all of the water over Captain Underpantss head. What did you do that for? cried Harold. I saw em do this in a cartoon once, said George, so its gotta work! After a few minutes, Mr. Krupp slowly came to. Whats going on here? he demanded. And why am I all wet!!? George and Harold had never been so glad to see Mr. Krupp in all their lives. Im so happy I could cry, said Harold. Well, youre gonna cry when I give that videotape to the football team! shouted Mr. Krupp. Ive had it with you two! Principal Krupp took the videotape out of his file cabinet. You boys are dead meatV he sneered. He stormed out of his office with the video and headed toward the gym. George and Harold smiled. Waitll the football team sees that video! said Harold. Teah, said George, I sure hope they like singing purple dragons! Ill Hey, look, said George. I found the 3-D Hypno-Ring instruction manual. It was in my shirt pocket, not my pants pocket! Well, throw that thing away, said Harold. Well never need it again. I sure hope not, said George. CHAPTER 10 THE EHD? rwvi j eAkl yvA Things at Jerome Horwitz Elementary School were never quite the same after that fateful day. The football team enjoyed Mr. Krupps video so much that they changed their name from the Knuckleheads to the Purple Dragon Sing-A-Long Friends. The name change didnt go over too well with the fans, but hey, whos going to argue with a bunch of linebackers? 113 George and Harold went back to their old ways, pulling pranks, cracking jokes, and making new comic books. They had to keep an eye on Mr. Krupp, though . . . . . . because for some strange reason, every time he heard the sound of fingers snapping . . . Snap! . . . Principal Krupp turned back into . . . ABOUT THE AUTHOA t  11 v' I I I I r 1 II I I  rr When Dav Pilkey was in elementary school, he was always getting into trouble for pulling pranks, cracking jokes, and making silly comic books. In second grade, he invented his most famous or infamous character, CAPTAIN UNDERPANTS! Davs teacher told him, Youd better straighten up, young man, because you cant spend the rest of your life making silly books. Dav was not a very good listener! caaa? uCE aaaasx5H3 CAPTAIN pNDERPANTS Special fkill Faster than a ypeediog ivaiyfbaod Secret Weapon Wedjie PoWef GEORGE BEARD  Favorite Food Chocoafe chip cookie? Pets A pterodactyl and a bionic hamster HAROLD HUTCHINS Favorite Food Gurr  hohies Qralving and reading comic? NAUGHTY CAFETERIA LADIES Specialty; 3o?ton baked booger? Secret Weapon j Soper Evil Rapid- GroWth Joice WICKED WEDGIE WOMAN Favorite color Purple Secret Weapon Soper-polvered hairstyle PROFESSOR POOPYPANTS fAiddle name Pee-Pee Graduated From Chunky Q. looernose University THE TALKING TOILET S Favorite ayin9 FOR MORE Yum, yum, eatem up! FUN STUFF TJl  . I ww.scholastk.comcaptainunderpant rortal enemy  Creamed chipped beef WWW.PILKEY.COM SCHOIASTK and ouodoted logos ore trodenHifcs andor regstered todemoAsof Schdostk Inc. lit O 2013 Dov Nkey. UFrs cKfcfrtr. SCHOLASTIC Sdiolostic Inc. Art 02013 Dov Pilkey. Apple ond the Apple logo ore trodemork of Apple Inc, registered in the U.S. ond other counlries. AppStore is o service mark of Apple Inc CUPBACKLISTe HCHnS TKe AeATAS P CArrAixuttftErAnT TM r.'itSr ff 8 GEWtCe Bfute NAMU NVTCHinS -tw CR.eATO or CAPTA!nvnpRnnrs CHECK OUT THE ADVENTURES OF CAPTAIN UNDERPANTS APP!  N ftp  Ga3!Q'i3SQ22 'iSQjQQiKEiiaaaia Skip to main content Texts Video Audio Software Images  Sign up for free  Log in Search metadata Search text contents Search TV news captions Search radio transcripts Search archived web sites Advanced Search  About  Blog  Projects  Help  Donate   Contact  Jobs  Volunteer  People Full text of "The Adventures Of Captain Underpants" See other formats SCHOLASTIC INC. For David and Nancy Melton with gratitude Copyright  1997 by Dav Pilkey All rights reserved under International and Pan-American Copyright Conventions. No part of this publication may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, decompiled, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means, whether electronic or mechanical, now known or hereafter invented, without the express written permission of the publisher. For information regarding permission, please write to Permissions Department, Scholastic Inc., 557 Broadway, New York, NY 10012. SCHOLASTIC and associated logos are trademarks andor registered trademarks of Scholastic Inc. CAPTAIN UNDERPANTS and related designs are trademarks andor registered trademarks of Dav Pilkey. Be sure to check out Dav Pilkeys Extra-Crunchy Web Site O Fun at www.pilkey.com. Library of Congress Control Number 96-37544 e-ISBN 978-0-545-62804-4 First printing, September 1997 CHAPTEItS 1. George and Harold 5 2. Tree House Comix, Inc. 9 3. The Adventures of Captain Underpants 13 4. Mean Old Mr. Krupp 21 5. One Day Very, Very Soon 25 6. Busted 33 7. A Little Blackmail 39 8. Crime and Punishment 43 9. Four-to-Six Weeks Later 49 10. The 3-D Hypno-Ring 51 11. Fun with Hypnosis 55 12. Out the Window 61 13. Bank Robbers 65 14. The Big Bang 71 15. Dr. Diaper 77 16. The Extremely Graphic Violence Chapter in Flip-E-Rama 83 17. The Escape 95 18. To Make a Long Story Short 103 19. Back to School 104 20. The End? 113 3 V- V CHAPTER I GCOAGE AMD HAAOLD Meet George Beard and Harold Hutchins, George is the kid on the left with the tie and the flat-top. Harold is the one on the right with the T-shirt and the bad haircut. Remember that now. George and Harold were best friends. They had a lot in common. They lived right next door to each other and they were both in the same fourth-grade class at Jerome Horwitz Elementary School. George and Harold were usually responsible kids. Whenever anything bad happened, George and Harold were usually responsible. v nr  K. r r t  But dont get the wrong idea about these two. George and Harold were actually very nice boys. No matter what everybody else thought, they were good, sweet, and lovable. . . . Well, OK, maybe they werent so sweet and lovable, but they were good nonetheless. c  Its just that George and Harold each had a silly streak a mile long. Usually that silly streak was hard to control. Sometimes it got them into trouble. And once it got them into big, BIG trouble. But before I can tell you that story, I have to tell you this story. vAy Ay CHAPTEA 1 After a hard day of cracking jokes, pulling pranks, and causing mayhem at school, George and Harold liked to rush to the old tree house in Georges backyard. Inside the tree house were two big old fluffy chairs, a table, a cupboard crammed with junk food, and a padlocked crate filled with pencils, pens, and stacks and stacks of paper. y 9 Now, Harold loved to draw, and George loved to make up stories. And together, the two boys spent hours and hours writing and drawing their very own comic books. Over the years, they had created hundreds of their own comics, starring dozens of their own superheroes. First there was Dog Man, then came Timmy the Talking Toilet, and who could forget The Amazing Cow Lady? But the all-time greatest superhero they ever made up had to be The Amazing Captain Underpants. George came up with the idea. Most superheroes look like theyre flying around in their underwear, he said. Well, this guy actually is flying around in his underwear! The two boys laughed and laughed. Yeah, said Harold, he could fight with Wedgie PowerV George and Harold spent entire afternoons writing and drawing the comic adventures of Captain Underpants. He was their coolest superhero ever! Luckily for the boys, the secretary at Jerome Horwitz Elementary School was much too busy to keep an eye on the copy machine. So whenever they got a chance, Harold and George would sneak into the office and run off several hundred copies of their latest Captain Underpants adventure. After school, they sold their homemade comics on the playground for 50t each. CHAPTER 3 THE ADVEVTUHES OF CAPTAIH UVDEAPAMTS a P P a f a Cj  ' Ofrboi Py HAf-oU  I I  . f CooL  5 qF Iplanli I'Zth Bad'''S a " 'PtTeFor I _ v7r'flsnrr  ' " Thet Alon CqmC A Cvvj improVdi QX'r-Sirh3t  I Sv;per bro.   oo vp fn  the sKV I BTrd  TX VPLane. " 4Kaa I WokVi,  1 'm Cqptov'H . ONDEPPcLI"-?   VAiaS f'cSer -flch x 5pee4fh9 WAisTbAnd... A4fie PoV6'''j Han 9 Kort , . .Yr  . O .  kO' 2JOtA '? m n4 fo 4,tL BiLdlinQS a wdigie. trala Cl pearj lhr fh'pgy-y  c Q Q 1     D P3e 2i WA? At -rtj CAfM9.iK. Vi Every Bod Virted T-V o roucKj tley AUU tBvew if awAY- trash X arn the ioohTie CAfiterA fboP CAIfW to iif6 the AlounJ th6 Schoolf erftiV eve'ryhin3 Th SSKt." Av - u,,'; T 1 V4 r t'e ned-'tLe' uvjK j''s ,q Folclt'5 Chaivr tVe 9 Yn- tacFker. OHjaJo Not folding Chfr Q .iVW CD PR, ''cpeL 7T;fhnae7fehfS cijd.tdo IAJDRPANTS ooY RJNhn3 UohK cha5ei _ 1 P' oy CJ - - -  A I f'paLy TiieXneaTl HfKoftoo TiVea cn4 tirrsfy -po cHje CAPXAfrJ hfoW Aou'' NX crol o-F JfyQT Pon ariij -fK-e 0 ? SOoK' 0  CHAPTER 4 MEAN OLD MR. KRUPP Now, Mr. Krupp was the meanest, sourest old principal in the whole history of Jerome Horwitz Elementary School. He hated laughter and singing. He hated the sounds of children playing at recess. In fact, he hated children altogether! And guess which two children Mr. Krupp hated most of all? If you guessed George and Harold, youre right! Mr. Krupp hated George and Harold. He hated their pranks and their wise cracks. He hated their silly attitudes and their constant giggling. And he especially hated those awful Captain Underpants comic books. IjEEL HERE CHAPTEA 5 OME DAY VEAYr VEAY SOON Remember when I said that George and Harolds silly streak got them into big, BIG trouble once? Well, this is the story of how that happened. And how some huge pranks and a little blackmail turned their principal into the coolest superhero of all time. It was the day of the big football game between the Horwitz Knuckleheads and the Stubinville Stinkbugs. The bleachers were filled with fans. The cheerleaders ran onto the field and shook their pom-poms over their heads. A fine black dust drifted out of their pom-poms and settled all around them. Gimme a K! shouted the cheer leaders. K! repeated the fans. Gimme an N! shouted the cheer leaders. N! repeated the fans. Gimme an . . . a-ah-ah-A-CHOO! sneezed the cheerleaders. A-ah-ah-A-CHOO! repeated the fans. The cheerleaders sneezed and sneezed and sneezed some more. They couldnt stop sneezing, Hey! shouted a fan in the bleachers, Somebody sprinkled black pepper into the cheerleaders pom-poms! I wonder who did that? asked another fan. 27 The cheerleaders stumbled off the field, sneezing and dripping with mucus, as the marching band members took their places. But when the band began to play, steady streams of bubbles began blowing out of their instruments! Bubbles were everywhere Up and down the field the marching band slipped and slid, leaving behind a thick trail of wet, bubbly foam. Hey! shouted a fan in the bleachers. Somebody poured bubble bath into the marching bands instruments!  I wonder who did that? asked ' another fan. O Soon, the football teams took the field. The Knuckleheads kicked the ball. Up, up, up went the ball. Higher and higher it went. The ball sailed into the clouds and kept right on going until nobody could see it anymore. Hey! shouted a fan in the bleachers. Somebody filled the game ball with helium ! I wonder who did that? asked another fan  oto  O  O o o o O But the missing ball didnt make any difference because at that moment, the Knuckleheads were rolling around the field, scratching and itching like crazy. Hey! shouted the coach. Somebody replaced our Deep-Heating Muscle Rub Lotion with Mr. Pranksters Extra-Scratchy Itching Cream! We wonder who did that?! shouted the fans in the bleachers. 30 The whole afternoon went on much the same way, with people shouting everything from Hey, somebody put Sea-Monkeys in the lemonade! to Hey, somebody glued all the bathroom doors shut! Before long, most of the fans in the bleachers had gotten up and left. The big game had been forfeited, and everyone in the entire school was miserable. Everyone, that is, except for two giggling boys crouching in the shadows beneath the bleachers. Those were our best pranks yet! laughed Harold. Yep, chuckled George, theyll be hard to top, thats for sure. I just hope we dont get busted for this, said Harold. Dont worry, said George. We covered our tracks really well. Theres no way well get busted! 32 CHAPTER 6 BUSTED The next day at school, an announcement came over the loudspeakers. George Beard and Harold Hutchins, please report to Principal Krupps office at once. Uh-oh! said Harold. T dont like the sound of thatV Dont worry, said George. They cant prove anything! George and Harold entered Principal Krupps office and sat down on the chairs in front of his desk. The two boys had been in this office together countless times before, but this time was different. Mr. Krupp was smiling. As long as George and Harold had known Mr. Krupp, they had never, ever seen him smile. Mr. Krupp knew something. T didnt see you boys at the big game yesterday, said Mr. Krupp. Uh, no, said George. We werent feeling well. T-Y-Yeah, Harold stammered nervously. W-W-We went home. Aw, thats too bad, said Principal Krupp. You boys missed a good game. George and Harold quickly glanced at each other, gulped, and tried hard not to look guilty. Lucky for you, I have a videotape of the whole thing, Mr. Krupp said. He turned on the television in the corner and pressed the play button on the VCR. A black-and-white image appeared on the TV screen. It was an overhead shot of George and Harold sprinkling pepper into the cheerleaders pom-poms. Next came a shot of George and Harold pouring liquid bubble bath into the marching bands instruments. How do you like the pre-game showT' asked Mr. Krupp with a devilish grin. 36 You know, he said, ever since you boys came to this school, its been one prank after another. First you put dissected frogs in the Jell-O salad at the parent- teacher banquet. Then you made it snow in the cafeteria. Then you rigged all the inter coms so they played Weird Al Yankovic songs full blast for six hours straight. For four long years you two have been running amok in this school, and Ive never been able to prove anything  until now! Mr. Krupp held the videotape in his hand. I took the liberty of installing tiny video surveillance cameras all around the school. I knew Id catch you two in the act one day. I just didnt know it would be so easyV CHAPTEA 7 A LITTLE BLACKMAIL Mr. Krupp sat back in his chair and chuckled to himself for a long, long time. Finally, George got up the courage to speak. W-What are you going to do with that tape? he said. I thought youd never ask, laughed Principal Krupp. 39 Ive thought long and hard about what to do with this tape, Mr. Krupp said. At first, I thought Id send copies to your parents. The boys swallowed hard and sank deeply into their chairs. Then I thought I might send a copy to the school board, Mr. Krupp continued. I could get you both expelled for this! The boys swallowed harder and sank deeper into their chairs. Finally, I came to a decision, Mr. Krupp concluded. I think the football team would be very curious to find out just who was responsible for yesterdays fiasco. I think Ill send a copy to them! George and Harold leaped out of their chairs and fell to their knees. No! cried George. You cant do that. Theyll kill us! Yeah, begged Harold, theyll kill us every day for the rest of our lives! George and Harold carefully looked over the list. This . . . this is blackmail! said George. Call it what you like, Principal Krupp snapped, but if you two dont follow that list exactly, then this tape becomes the property of the Horwitz Knuckleheads! CHAPTEA 8 CRIME AND PUNISHMENT At six oclock the next morning, George and Harold dragged themselves out of bed, walked over to Mr. Krupps house, and began washing his car. Then, while Harold scrubbed the tires, George roamed around the yard pulling up all the weeds and crabgrass he could find. Afterward, they cleaned the gutters and washed all the windows on Mr. Krupps house. 43 At school, George and Harold sat up straight, listened carefully, and spoke only when spoken to. They didnt tell jokes, they didnt pull pranksthey didnt even smile. Their teacher kept pinching herself. I just know this is a dream, she said. At lunch, the two boys vacuumed Mr. Krupps office, shined his shoes, and polished his desktop. At recess, they clipped his fingernails and ironed his tie. Each spare moment in the boys daily schedule was spent catering to Mr. Krupps every whim. 45 After school, George and Harold mowed Mr. Krupps lawn, tended his garden, and began painting the front of his house. At sunset, Mr. Krupp came outside and handed each boy a stack of books. Gentlemen, he said, Ive asked your teachers to give you both extra homework. Now go home, study hard, and Ill see you back here at six oclock tomorrow morning. Weve got a busy day ahead of us. Thank you, sir, moaned the two boys. George and Harold walked home dead tired. Man, this was the worst day of my entire life, said George. Dont worry, said Harold. We only have to do this for eight more years. Then we can move away to some far-off land where theyll never find us. Maybe Antarctica. Ive got a better idea, said George. He took a piece of paper out of his pocket and handed it to Harold. It was an old magazine ad for the 3-D Hypno-Ring. Hows this going to help us? asked Harold. All we gotta do is hypnotize Mr. Krupp, said George. Well make him give us the video and forget this whole mess ever happened. Thats a great idea! said Harold. And the best part is we only have to wait four- to-six weeks for delivery! 48 CHAPTEA 9 FOUIt-TO-SIX WEEKS LATEA After four-to-six weeks of backbreaking slave labor, grueling homework assign ments, and humiliating good behavior at school, a package arrived in Georges mailbox from the Lil Wiseguy Novelty Company. It was the 3-D Hypno-Ring. Hallelujah! cried George. Its every thing 1 ever hoped for! Let me see, let me see, said Harold. Dont look directly at it, warned George. You dont want to get hypno tized, do you? Do you really think it will work? asked Harold. Do you really think we can amaze our friends, control our enemies, and take over the world just like the ad says? It better work, said George. Or else we just wasted four whole bucks! CHAPTER 10 THE 3-D HYPHO-AIHG The next morning, George and Harold didnt arrive early at Mr. Krupps house to wash his car and reshingle his roof. In fact, they were even a little late getting to school. When they finally showed up, Mr. Krupp was standing at the front door waiting for them. And boy, was he mad Mr. Krupp escorted the boys into his office and slammed the door. All right, where were you two this morning? he growled. We wanted to come over to your house, said George, but we were busy trying to figure out the secret of this ring." What ring? snapped Mr. Krupp. George held up his hand and showed the ring to Principal Krupp. Its got one of those weird patterns on it, said Harold. If you stare at it long enough, a picture appears. Well, hold it still, snarled Mr. Krupp. I cant see the darn thing! I have to move it back and forth, said George, or else it wont work. Mr. Krupps eyes followed the ring back and forth, back and forth, back and forth, and back and forth. You have to stare deeper into the ring, said Harold. Deeper . . . deeeper . . . deeeeper . . . deeeeeeeeeper. You are getting sleepy, said George. Veeeeery sleeeeeeeeeepy. Mr. Krupps eyelids began to droop, rmmmsssoooosssleeepy, he mumbled. After a few minutes, Mr. Krupps eyes were closed tight, and he began to snore. You are under our spell, said George. When I snap my fingers, you will obey our every command! Snap! Iwwilllloobeyyy, mumbled Mr. Krupp. All right, said George. Have you still got that videotape of me and Harold? Yeeessss, mumbled Mr. Krupp. Well, hand it over, bub, George instructed. Mr. Krupp unlocked a large file cabinet and opened the bottom drawer. He reached in and handed George the video tape. George stuffed it into his backpack. Harold took a different video out of his backpack and put it into the file cabinet. Whats that video? asked George. Its one of my little sisters old Boomer the Purple Dragon Sing-A-Long videos. Nice touch, said George. 54 CHAPTCA II FUM IITH HYPNOSIS When Harold bent down to close the file cabinet, he took a quick look inside. Whoa! he cried. Look at all the stuff in here! The file cabinet was filled with every thing Mr. Krupp had taken away from the boys over the years. There were sling shots, whoopee cushions, skateboards, fake doggy doo-dooyou name it, it was in there. Look at this! cried George. A big stack of Captain Underpants comics! Hes got every issue! said Harold. For hours, the two boys sat on the floor laughing and reading their comics. Finally, George looked up at the clock. Yikes! he said. Its almost lunchtime! We better clean up this mess and get to class. The boys looked up at their principal, who had been standing behind them in a trance all morning. Gee, I almost forgot about Mr. Krupp, said Harold. What should we do with him? Do you want to have some fun? asked George. Why not? said Harold. I havent had any fun in the last four-to-six weeks! Cool, said George. He walked up to Mr. Krupp and snapped his fingers. Snap! You area chicken he said. Suddenly, Mr. Krupp leaped onto his desk and flapped his arms. Cluck, cluck, cluck-cluck, he cried, kicking his papers off the desk behind him and pecking at his pen-and-pencil set. George and Harold howled with laughter. Let me try, let me try, said Harold. Ummm, you are aa monkey V' You gotta snap your fingers, said George. Oh, yeah, said Harold. Snap! You are a monkey V Suddenly, Mr. Krupp sprang off his desk and began swinging from the fluorescent light fixtures. Ooo-ooo, ooo- oooo, OOOOO! he shrieked, leaping from one side of the room to the other. George and Harold laughed so hard they almost cried. 58 My turn, my turn! said George. Lets see. What should we turn him into next? I know, Harold said, holding up a Captain Underpants comic. Lets turn him into Captain Underpants! Good idea, said George. Snap! You are now the greatest superhero of all time The Amazing Captain Underpants Mr. Krupp tore down the red curtain from his office window and tied it around his neck. Then he took off his shoes, socks, shirt, pants, and his awful toupee. Tra-La-Laaaaaaaa! he sang. Mr. Krupp stood before them looking quite triumphant, with his cape blowing in the breeze of the open window. George and Harold were dumbfounded. You know, said George, he kinda looks like Captain Underpants. Yeah, Harold replied. After a short silence, the two boys looked at each other and burst into laughter. George and Harold had never laughed so hard in all their lives. Tears ran down their faces as they rolled about the floor, shrieking in hysterics. After a while, George pulled himself up from the floor for another look. Hey, George cried. Whered he go? 60 CHAPTER n OUT THE lIMDOI George and Harold dashed to the window and looked out. There, running across the parking lot, was a pudgy old guy in his underwear with a red cape flowing behind him. Mr. Krupp, come back! shouted Harold. He wont answer to that,'" said George. He thinks hes Captain Underpants now. Oh, no, said Harold. Hes probably runnin off to fight crime, said George. Oh, no said Harold. And we gotta stop him, said George. Oh, NO, cried Harold. NO WAY! Look, said George, he could get killed out there. Harold was unmoved. Or worse, said George. We could get into BIG trouble! Youre right, said Harold. We gotta go after him! The two boys opened the bottom file-cabinet drawer and took out their slingshots and skateboards. Do you think we should bring any thing else? asked Harold. Yeah, said George. Lets bring the fake doggy doo-doo. Good thinking, said Harold. You just never know when fake doggy doo-doo is going to come in handy! V ..2 Harold stuffed Mr. Krupps clothes, shoes, and toupee into his backpack. Then together the two boys leaped out the window, slid down the flagpole, and took off on their skateboards after the Amazing Captain Underpants. CHAPTER IS BANK AOBBEAS George and Harold rode their skateboards all over town looking for Captain Underpants. I cant find him anywhere, said Harold. Youd think a guy like him would be easy to spot, said George. Then the boys turned a corner, and there he was. Captain Underpants was standing in front of a bank, looking quite heroic. Mr. Krupp! cried Harold. Shhh, said George, dont call him that. Call him Captain Underpants! Oh, yeah, said Harold. And dont forget to snap your fingers, said George. Right! said Harold. 66 But before he got a chance, the bank doors flew wide open, and out stepped two robbers. The robbers took one look at Captain Underpants and stopped dead in their tracks. Surrender! said Captain Underpants. Or I will have to resort to Wedgie PowerV' QQ Nobody moved for about ten seconds. Finally, the robbers looked at each other and burst out laughing. They dropped their loot and fell to the sidewalk scream ing in hysterics. Almost immediately, the cops showed up and arrested the crooks. Let that be a lesson to you, cried Captain Underpants. Never underestimate the power of underwear! The police chief, looking quite angry, marched over to Captain Underpants. And just who the heck are you supposed to be? the police chief demanded. Why, Vm Captain Underpants, the worlds greatest superhero, said Captain Underpants. I fight for Truth, Justice, and all that is Pre-Shrunk and Cottony! Oh, YEAHWT' shouted the police chief. Cuff him, boys! One of the cops took out his handcuffs and grabbed Captain Underpants by the arm. 69 Uh-oh! cried George. We gotta roll! Together the two boys zoomed into the crowd, weaving in and out of cops and bystanders. Harold skated up to Captain Underpants and knocked the superhero off his feet. George caught him and the boys skated away with Captain Underpants on their shoulders. Stop! cried the cops, but it was too late. George, Harold, and Captain Underpants were gone. 70 CHAPTEH 14 THE BIG BAHG After their quick escape, George, Harold, and Captain Underpants stopped on a deserted street corner to catch their breath, OK, said George. Lets de-hypnotize him quick, before something else . . . A huge explosion came from the Rare Crystal Shop across the street. Heavy smoke poured out of the building. Suddenly, two robots with one stolen crystal emerged from the smoke and jumped into an old van. Did I Just see two ROBOTS get into a van? asked Harold. You know, said George, up until now this story was almost believable 72 Well, believable or not, said Harold, were not getting involved. I repeat We are NOT getting involved! Just then. Captain Underpants leaped from the street corner and dashed in front of the van, Stop, in the name of underwear! he cried. Uh-oh, said George. I think were involved." The two robots started up the van and swerved around Captain Underpants. Unfortunately, the van brushed up against his red cape, and it got caught. With a mighty jerk. Captain Underpants flipped backward, and the van pulled him along as it drove away. GRAB HIM! cried George. The two boys skateboarded with all their might toward the speeding van and grabbed Captain Underpants by the ankles. HEEEEEEELLLLLLLP! they cried as the van pulled them through the Mommy, said a little boy sitting on a bench, I just saw two robots driving a van with a guy in his underwear hanging off the back by a red cape, pulling two boys on skateboards behind him with his feet. How do you expect me to believe such a ridiculous story? asked his mother. Finally, the van came to a screeching halt in front of an old abandoned ware house. The sudden stop made Captain Underpants flip over the roof of the van and crash through the front door of the building. Well, well, well, said a strange voice from inside the warehouse. It looks as if we have a visitor." CHAPTEA 15 DA. DIAPEA George and Harold hid behind the van until the coast was clear. Then they sneaked up to the hole in the door and peeked inside. Captain Underpants was all tied up, the two robots were standing guard, and a strange little man wearing a diaper was laughing maniacally. I am the evil Dr. Diaper, the strange little man told Captain Underpants. And you will be the first to witness my takeover of the worldV' Dr. Diaper placed the stolen crystal into a large machine called the Laser- Matic 2000. The machine started to light up and make loud noises. Heavy gears began shifting and spinning, and a laser beam from the crystal shot straight up through a hole in the roof. In exactly twenty minutes, this laser beam will blow up the moon and send huge chunks of it crashing down upon every major city in the world! laughed Dr. Diaper. Then, I will rise from the rubble and take over the planet! Only one thing can help us now, said George. What? asked Harold. Rubber doggy doo-doo, said George. Harold took the fake doggy doo-doo and a slingshot from Georges backpack and handed them to him. Be careful, said Harold. The fate of the entire planet is in your hands! With careful and precise aim, George shot the rubber doo-doo through the air and across the room. It landed with a plop  right at the feet of Dr. Diaper. Tessss! whispered George and Harold. Dr. Diaper looked down at the doo-doo between his feet and turned bright red. Oh, dear me! he cried. Fm dreadfully embarrassed! Please excuse me. He began to waddle toward the rest room. This has never happened to me before, I assure you, he said. I-I guess with all the excitement, I just... I just. . . Oh, dear! Oh, dear! 81 While Dr. Diaper was off changing himself, George and Harold sneaked into the old warehouse. Immediately, the robots detected the boys and began marching toward them. Destroy the intruders! said the robots. Destroy the intruders! George and Harold screamed and ran to the back of the warehouse. Luckily, George found two old boards and gave one of them to Harold. Were not going to have to resort to extremely graphic violence, are we? asked Harold. I sure hope not, said George. CHAPTCIl 16 THE EXTHEMELY GRAPHIC VIOLCHCE CHAPTER WARNING The following chapter contains graphic scenes showing two boys beating the tar out of a couple of robots. If you have high blood pressure, or if you faint at the sight of motor oil, we strongly urge you to take better care of yourself and stop being such a baby. 83 IMTItODUCIMG As everybody knows, nothing enhances silly action sequences more than really cheesy animation. And the world's cheesiest animation just got even cheesier If you thought Flip"0Rm was cheesy, you ain't flipped nothin' yet! Hova IT WOUKS Option 1 If your device uses FORWARD and BACKWARD buttons to turn the page place one finger on each button. Then quickly click forward and back between the two Flip-E-Rama pages, and repeat several times until the pictures appear to be poorly animated. Option 2 If your device lets you SWIPE to turn the page, use your finger to swipe once to the left, then swipe once to the right. Then keep swiping back and forth between the two Flip-E-Rama pages until the picture appears to be poorly animated. Flip-E-Rama works best if your device is turned vertically and you can only see one page at a time. Don't forget to add your own sound-effects! FLIP-C-HAMA I AOBOT AAMPACC FLIP-C-HAMA I AOBOT AAMPACC FLIP-C-HAMA 1 GCOAGC SAVES HAAOID FLIP-C-HAMA 1 GCOAGC SAVES HAAOID FLIP-C-HAMA  HAAOID ACTUALS THE FAVOA FLIP-C-HAMA  HAAOLD ACTUALS THE FAVOA FLIP-C-HAMA 4 MIXED fVTS ...AND BOLTS.O FLIP-C-HAMA 4 MIXED fVTS ...AND BOLTS.O CHAPTER IT THE ESCAPE After defeating the robots, George and H Harold untied Captain Underpants. V Come on! cried Harold. Lets get out A of here! y Wait! said Captain Underpants. We k have to save the world first! r So George, Harold, and Captain a Underpants frantically looked all over the y Laser-Matic 2000, searching for a way  to shut it down and stop the inevitable Ll  disaster.  r y 'H4 Ummm, said Harold. I think this might be the lever we want. He pulled the Self-Destruct lever with all his might. Suddenly, the Laser- Matic 2000 began to sputter and shake. The huge laser beam turned off, and pieces of the machine began flying off in all directions. Its gonna BLOW! cried Harold. RUN FOR YOUR LIVES! I I 'jO  r 0 Mi m wor so FAST screamed Dr. Diaper, who had appeared out of nowhere. You demolished my robots. You destroyed my Laser-Matic 2000. And you ruined my one chance to take over the worldbut you wont live to tell the tale! Dr. Diaper pulled out his Diaper-Matic 2000 ray gun, and pointed it at George, Harold, and Captain Underpants. Captain Underpants quickly stretched a pair of underwear and shot it at Dr. Diaper. The underwear landed right on the evil doctors head. Help! cried Dr. Diaper. I cant see! I cant see! George and Harold ran out of the warehouse as fast as they could. Great shot. Captain Underpants! cried Harold. Theres just one thing 1 dont under stand, said George. Whered you get the extra pair of underwear? Never mind that, cried George, lets just get out of here before that Laser- Matic 2000 thing ex . . . The Laser-Matic 2000 blew up, tearing apart the old warehouse. It sent flaming shards of red-hot metal in every direction. Fire fell from the skies around our heroes, and the earth began to crumble beneath their feet. Oh, NO! cried Harold. WERE  DOOMED! 1 tj X. CHAPTEA 18 TO MAKE A LOVG STOAY SHOAT CHAPTEA 19 BACK TO SCHOOL George, Harold, and Captain Underpants made a quick stop outside the police station. They tied Dr. Diaper to a lamppost and attached a note to him. There! said Captain Underpants. That ought to explain everything. Ml NUTES I PLeAse don't coMMi'f NhY 'cRifFS 'TILL we jetiRN. Then George and Harold led Captain Underpants back to Jerome Horwitz Elementary School. Why are we going hereT' asked Captain Underpants. Well, said George, you have to do some undercover work here. Teah, said Harold, reaching into his backpack. Put these clothes on, and make it snappy! Dont forget your hair, said George. Captain Underpants quickly got dressed behind some bushes. Well, how do I look? he asked. Pretty good, said George. Now try to look really mad! Captain Underpants made the nastiest face he could. You know, said Harold, he kinda looks like Mr. Krupp! ''Harold,'' whispered George, he is Mr. Krupp! Oh, yeah, said Harold. I almost forgot. 107 Before long, they were all back inside Mr. Krupps office. OK, Captain Underpants, said George, you are now Mr. Krupp. Snap your fingers, whispered Harold. Oh, yeah, said George. Snap! You are now Mr. Krupp. Whos Mr. Krupp? asked Captain Underpants. Oh, NO! cried Harold. It's not working! The boys tried again and again to de-hypnotize Captain Underpants, but nothing seemed to work. 108 Hmmm, said Harold. Let me see the instruction manual for that ring. George checked his pants pockets. Umm, said George, I think I lost it. You WHAT? cried Harold. The two boys searched frantically through the office, but the 3-D Hypno-Ring instruc tion manual was nowhere to be found. Never mind, said George. I have an idea. He removed the flowers from a large vase in the corner. Then he poured out all of the water over Captain Underpantss head. What did you do that for? cried Harold. I saw em do this in a cartoon once, said George, so its gotta work! After a few minutes, Mr. Krupp slowly came to. Whats going on here? he demanded. And why am I all wet!!? George and Harold had never been so glad to see Mr. Krupp in all their lives. Im so happy I could cry, said Harold. Well, youre gonna cry when I give that videotape to the football team! shouted Mr. Krupp. Ive had it with you two! Principal Krupp took the videotape out of his file cabinet. You boys are dead meatV he sneered. He stormed out of his office with the video and headed toward the gym. George and Harold smiled. Waitll the football team sees that video! said Harold. Teah, said George, I sure hope they like singing purple dragons! Ill Hey, look, said George. I found the 3-D Hypno-Ring instruction manual. It was in my shirt pocket, not my pants pocket! Well, throw that thing away, said Harold. Well never need it again. I sure hope not, said George. CHAPTER 10 THE EHD? rwvi j eAkl yvA Things at Jerome Horwitz Elementary School were never quite the same after that fateful day. The football team enjoyed Mr. Krupps video so much that they changed their name from the Knuckleheads to the Purple Dragon Sing-A-Long Friends. The name change didnt go over too well with the fans, but hey, whos going to argue with a bunch of linebackers? 113 George and Harold went back to their old ways, pulling pranks, cracking jokes, and making new comic books. They had to keep an eye on Mr. Krupp, though . . . . . . because for some strange reason, every time he heard the sound of fingers snapping . . . Snap! . . . Principal Krupp turned back into . . . ABOUT THE AUTHOA t  11 v' I I I I r 1 II I I  rr When Dav Pilkey was in elementary school, he was always getting into trouble for pulling pranks, cracking jokes, and making silly comic books. In second grade, he invented his most famous or infamous character, CAPTAIN UNDERPANTS! Davs teacher told him, Youd better straighten up, young man, because you cant spend the rest of your life making silly books. Dav was not a very good listener! CAPTAIN pNDERPANTS